["others","negative","Dems and the rigging of polls  stealing yard signs  inciting violence  threatening physical harm  falsifying voter registrations  manufacturing fraudulent accusations  firebombing a campaign office  and blaming Russia for your candidates incompetence and criminality...and now you Whimper and CRY? You brought this onto yourself and it unlikely you will receive any consolation or comfort because  quite frankly  your behaviors are undeserving of empathy. Suffer Snow Flakes."]
["others","negative","I have been trying very very hard to rationalize all this. She may have worked very hard too for her life and career... but no... she will not bring forth the diversity story in the right angle. Nice try but no..."]
["others","positive","WOW. JUST. WOW. Its amazing all the stones being thrown and how judgmental and unaccepting youre all being...and sadly its ONLY because they arent affiliated with your party."]
["others","positive","well Im Canadian and I dont have a voice in the results however as a human being I have an opinion and I think shes as gorgeous as Mrs Obama  and once she gets the hang of things will most likely want to be involved in some way with charities close to her heart !"]
["others","negative","Just thinking back when FLOTUS had her arms outshowing! And everyone was in an uproar! Now this chick has bared it all! What a disgrace!"]
["others","negative","We need to see her birth certificate. It has to be the original not a photo copy"]
["others","negative","Its the daughter of a commie party head. She has government experience alright  wait a second. "]
["others","positive","Okay CNN enough already..whats next you going to start on his  year old son...you people are disgusting"]
["others","negative","How nice her  year old son has a cavier face scrub while others can hardly afford cereal great example"]
["others","negative","she is  years old looking like she is .....yuck!"]
["others","positive","Love seeing all these liberal idiotic comments. Please keep them coming. Theyre very entertaining. "]
["others","negative","Poor woman. I wonder how many meds she takes to keep up appearances."]
["others","negative","Shell be in charge of all the adult entertainment for the diplomats around the world."]
["others","negative","Too much botox  looks spycho. Doesnt take aging very well. Will Crack from stress."]
["others","negative","Will she help all illegal. .to become legal.nShe has experience how to do it right.."]
["others","negative","Yes we have! And weve seen more of her  literally  than we should!"]
["others","positive","Do your best. Every body talking like if them is angel. Monkey dont see they own tail."]
["others","negative","She need to be put on the other side of that wall that he trying to put up cause she dont need to be over here are in the white house are him"]
["others","positive","Geez a whole bunch of judgemental and bitter people commenting on here. Making yourselves look bad."]
["others","negative","Its all one big Joke... As well as a horrible Nighrmare."]
["others","negative","No Thank You and Im not even from the US  this election was so wrong on many levels."]
["others","negative","If she has any more plastic surgery her eyes will be on the side of head like a fish."]
["others","negative","Wonder what color she is going to paint the white house lol"]
["others","negative","Hahhahaahha i dont know whether to laugh or scream either way its comical"]
["others","negative","Bunch of foreigners taking over our country! irony implied"]
["others","positive","As long as your arms are not out Republicans should be okay with her..."]
["others","negative","Is no one else gonna point out she looks like an evil villain wife"]
["others","negative","From elite escort service to White House. Now you can send your daughters to a local gentlemens club to learn life skills."]
["others","negative","The ultimate gold digger! An example to talentless women everywhere!"]
["others","negative","Emelin Alvarez why does she look like a Siamese cat?!"]
["others","negative","Wheres he birth certificate??? I want her papers!!!!"]
["others","negative","Shameful .... Please no one invite them to anything ...."]
["others","negative","Her replacement just graduated high school. tick tick tick tick..."]
["others","negative","Get what u vote for...welcome to the White House tramp."]
["others","positive","At least we are sure shes an actual female. Bonus."]
["others","negative","Eewww ! Just burn the sheets after she leave the Whitehouse. ntactless"]
["others","negative","notmyfirstlady  notmypresident  yescalifornia  calexit"]
["others","negative","She looks like an alien with those weird eyes"]
["others","negative","Foreign born wife but yet he wants to ban all other"]
["others","negative","She represents everything I hate in a woman "]
["others","negative","Hope she will wear clothes  is she even a citizen yet?"]
["others","negative","My nightmare is coming true on Jan   ....Nooooooo!."]
["others","negative","YOU PEOPLE HAVE NOTHING BETTER TO DO THAT SPEAK DOWN OF ANOTHER PERSON!!! YOU SHOULD BE ASHAME OF YOUESELVES!!! YOU GET ME SICK!!!!"]
["others","negative","NOT MY CIRCUS NOT MY MONKEYS  NOT MY PRESIDENT!!!!!"]
["others","positive","Stop being mean  this could be your family member.  Give these people a chance  no one wanted to give Obama a chance and it was okay."]
["others","negative","Maybe she can get some people to help educate her and improve her English.  She is hard to understand"]
["others","negative","Well   she found some clothes to wear.  Good for miss nudypants."]
["others","negative","Weve already seen and met her. ALL of her!  Such a disgrace!"]
["others","negative","She will never have the charisma and the charm as Mitchell  Obama.  She  was and and she always will be a trophy wife number   with no brain and no beauty."]
["others","negative","Uhh...No thanks. Im good!  Thanks for asking though."]
["others","negative","No thank you.  Not someone that can be looked up to."]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","negative","I remember when Michelle Obama stepped off of Air Force one in a pair of shorts and some folks were saying how she had no class. But now naked pics of Melanie is ok."]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","positive","Melania will be a much better First Lady than Michelle Obama !"]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","negative","Its funny how the GOP is supposedly the party of family values  and always look down upon us liberals. Yet  they voted in the most disgusting man  with a woman of ill repute as a wife.  Im all for woman empowerment  however there are consequences to your actions. Here is to all GOP daughter at having a girl on girl action nude model as a role model  dont you dare be upset if theyd rather go Melanias way instead of college."]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","positive","As someone who voted for Hillary Clinton and is against everything Donald Trump stands for  I am so appalled by the comments Ive read about Melania by many Clinton supporters  especially women. How can you sit there and be so harsh and judgmental towards another woman? And why is it that you are only upset when Trump makes disgusting comments about women  yet you feel that is absolutely okay for you to make just as disgusting remarks about his wife? Misogyny is misogyny  no matter whose side you are on. Please  stop being hypocrites and stop shaming her  and worse  stop objectifying her. Her career as a model whether she posed nude or not and her looks should NOT be used in political discussions. You can disagree with Trump without insulting and ridiculing this woman."]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","positive","Liberals make me laugh a good  times a day... Your mostly all a bunch of weirdos who are really the dumbest bunch of whiners. nOnly thing Im gonna say is dont liberals support women and what they choose to do with there body? nEither you arent truly liberal  or like I said your just the real dumb deplorables who just got TRUMPED! nEither way your dose of reality is coming and crying aint gonna work.nRemember when talking about womans rights its liberals pro body pro choice  pro pornography  pro abortion  etc nSo STFU please about Melania and her pics u clueless Know it alls!nI also guess your no better a bully either "]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","positive","Hollywood parades out half naked men and women  encourages youth to follow their lead on the streets everywhere and then CNN denigrates Melania for being a model. Can you say fn hypocrite?"]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","negative","I am already embarrassed for Trumps wife when she tries to fulfill Michele Obamas role. Melania Trump has no idea and no education to be in any form of politics. Poor thing!"]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","positive","On the other hand...perhaps Melania has matured and might actually have a lot to offer. Dont judge prematurely. Yes  Im Canadian. Sorry...."]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","positive","So ironic to see all the feminist women empowerment/womens rights Hillary supporters call Melania Trump trashy because she posed topless as a model."]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","positive","Aimee so what youre saying is we shouldnt judge Hilary based on her husbands behaviour but judging Melania for that is ok? Think about that."]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","negative","She *does* have something in common with former Republican First Ladys.. We had Barbara Bush  Laura Bush  and now Melania I show my Bush Trump."]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","negative","Im not impressed. I dont think shell accomplish much as First Lady. Michelle Obama  Laura Bush  yes...Hillary Clinton  Barbara Bush  and Nancy Reagan. These were very productive and inspiring First Ladies. Melanias poorly rehearsed speech of  I want to end cyberbullying didnt strike a cord. Its like she didnt hear her husbands rhetoric over the past year."]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","positive","Shes so hot for a first lady and this thread is filled with bitterness and envy. Go Melania!!"]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","negative","Melania an Exstripper...now the mother of all Americans... Indeed America is the land of all dreams"]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","positive","Go Melanie. Congratulations to you  your husband and your family."]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","negative","Oh gosh! White House gonna become a tramp house like Melania TRAMP"]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","negative","I have Eleanor Roosevelt quotes on my fridge...Should I leave space for Melania?"]
["Melania, Melania Trump, Mrs. Trump, Melanie, Mrs Trump, Mrs. Trump, Mrs.Trump","positive","MELANIA HAS MORE CLASS THAN   MICHAEL WILL EVER HAVE."]
["accept","positive","Give her a chance  stop the Hate for gosh sakes! She is no Michelle Obama But Michelle Obama was no Nancy Reagan or Betty Ford. Dont compare  those were some fine first ladies. Stop envisioning and live in the present. Stop the HATE you can leave if you so choose to degrade our Nation and its leader. We accepted Obama for  years  and that wasnt easy for some of us."]
["accept","positive","AimeeTobing wants free health care and things free.. like Denmark.. she has a lot of room to talk!! Women need to know that no matter what your past is.. you can rise up!! Everyone is expected to accept the LGBT community.  Give her a chance.. America is about being free!"]
["accept","positive","I get that she posed nude but seriously isnt that being judgemental..billclinton being president can have countless mistresses and people are judging and shaming her??also im no trump supporter but give him a chance for now..hilary was given a chanceto handle foreign policy and she failed miserably and we all know about her emails..she made a lot of mistakes..stop whining and accept it"]
["accept","negative","I will not accept any of this until the final and official electoral vote."]
["accept","negative","I will never stand for president hump. My sense of fairness and decency do not permit me to accept hate."]
["accept","positive","I am sure she will do well people need to accept it and quit complaining"]
["accept","negative","Excuse me while I puke... even if I accept him as president  that woman is not first lady material."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","Its funny how the GOP is supposedly the party of family values  and always look down upon us liberals. Yet  they voted in the most disgusting man  with a woman of ill repute as a wife.  Im all for woman empowerment  however there are consequences to your actions. Here is to all GOP daughter at having a girl on girl action nude model as a role model  dont you dare be upset if theyd rather go Melanias way instead of college."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","positive","As someone who voted for Hillary Clinton and is against everything Donald Trump stands for  I am so appalled by the comments Ive read about Melania by many Clinton supporters  especially women. How can you sit there and be so harsh and judgmental towards another woman? And why is it that you are only upset when Trump makes disgusting comments about women  yet you feel that is absolutely okay for you to make just as disgusting remarks about his wife? Misogyny is misogyny  no matter whose side you are on. Please  stop being hypocrites and stop shaming her  and worse  stop objectifying her. Her career as a model whether she posed nude or not and her looks should NOT be used in political discussions. You can disagree with Trump without insulting and ridiculing this woman."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","positive","Hollywood parades out half naked men and women  encourages youth to follow their lead on the streets everywhere and then CNN denigrates Melania for being a model. Can you say fn hypocrite?"]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","The countrys FLOTUS went from being a highly educated & career oriented repected woman to being a so so model who appears to have only mastered the skills of being the pretty wife of the wealthy business man. Soo the message to all little girls of this country is: always stay pretty  pretend your dumbfounded  marry a rich guy & everything will be okay...... Lakia McMillan"]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","The empress first lady has no clothes or morals!!! She is a now going to represent our country  A person who worked as an illegal immigrant  a nude model in lesbian scenes  and a golddigger who cant speak proper English. This is the role model the Conservatives voted in! This the example for our daughters. In addition to the orange one  this is a global embarrassment!"]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","She isnt First Lady material at all. I dont see anything that she could teach our children of today. She is not a role model. Maybe Trump will Deport her"]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","First Lady my foot I wud pay no respect to an exnude model who knows nothing but to flash her fake personality in front of camera"]
["framework, model, theoretical account","positive","So ironic to see all the feminist women empowerment/womens rights Hillary supporters call Melania Trump trashy because she posed topless as a model."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","That ex nude model becomes the first lady OMG speechless . What the hell is going on?"]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","What kind of role model will she be for our yours girls. This lady those not deserve to be our First Lady. Is a shame."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","YOUR FIRST LADY AMERICA THE FORMER STRIPPER ......THIS IS A SLAP IN AMERICAS FACE WHAT OR WHY WOULD THIS BE A ROLE MODEL YOU SHOULD LOOK UP TO COMPARED TO THE MANY HONORABLE FIRST LADIES WE HAD IN THE PAST?????"]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","No thank you pron actors or model arent fit to be first lady of America."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","positive","She seems like an incredible role model for women with her drive  her successful career  her excellent care and priorities as a mother  and her calming elegance."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","Not my president and not my first nude model that barely speaks English First Lady."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","She will probably be one of the hottest first ladies.  Haha.  But having an ex nude model for first lady is not something to be proud of and no Im not a Hillary supporter but I didnt vote Trump either."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","Naked on a bear skin rug in handcuffs? Not your role model  kids."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","Certainly  our country says anyone can grow up and be President but they must be real CITIZENS not a foreign born model  especially from the Russian areas.  I wonder how long Trumpf will keep her now that hundreds of Republican ladies will want to bed him...."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","Such a wonderful role model for young women....NOT!!! "]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","A mistress. stripper and nude model who is here illegally with an anchor baby.   A real shame that this is who follows the most educated  well spoken  classy First Lady weve had."]
["framework, model, theoretical account","negative","She is a great role model  THOT"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","Like it or not Trump was elected by the electoral college and hes what were going to get.  He will be governed by rules  maybe for the first time in his life  as President.  Her?  I shake my head that she will be joining the ranks of our First Ladies.  It sickens me."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","She is not the First Lady period!!! She is a green light Lady who used to give her body for money. Her body suppose to be her temple. Trump picked her after he was drunk  so they match each other.Not the First Lady of America. Shame on both of them. Theyre both Lust  vampires in the same world not our world."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","Wow  I am shocked at the number of terribly sexist  insulting and derogatory comments Ive read against Mrs. Trump. I understand people are angry  but.... seriously????"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","As someone who voted for Hillary Clinton and is against everything Donald Trump stands for  I am so appalled by the comments Ive read about Melania by many Clinton supporters  especially women. How can you sit there and be so harsh and judgmental towards another woman? And why is it that you are only upset when Trump makes disgusting comments about women  yet you feel that is absolutely okay for you to make just as disgusting remarks about his wife? Misogyny is misogyny  no matter whose side you are on. Please  stop being hypocrites and stop shaming her  and worse  stop objectifying her. Her career as a model whether she posed nude or not and her looks should NOT be used in political discussions. You can disagree with Trump without insulting and ridiculing this woman."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","I am already embarrassed for Trumps wife when she tries to fulfill Michele Obamas role. Melania Trump has no idea and no education to be in any form of politics. Poor thing!"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","I have a lot of respect for this woman and the position she is in. I feel that she is being overlooked because people view her as Trumps arm candy but I believe she has much more to offer than people will give her credit for!"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","Do any of you people ever read behind the news. About whats happening on pedophile island and Anthony Weiner in the Clintons and why they are covering up all the dirty emails. Its about having sex with small children read your books people. Look up Anthony Weiner. The Trumps are Saints compared to them."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","I get that she posed nude but seriously isnt that being judgemental..billclinton being president can have countless mistresses and people are judging and shaming her??also im no trump supporter but give him a chance for now..hilary was given a chanceto handle foreign policy and she failed miserably and we all know about her emails..she made a lot of mistakes..stop whining and accept it"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","She isnt First Lady material at all. I dont see anything that she could teach our children of today. She is not a role model. Maybe Trump will Deport her"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","I wonder of shell be the st one over the wall? She did after all break the law and worked without the right visa and that broken english  you cant Polish the Tramp out of Trump.. "]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","So ironic to see all the feminist women empowerment/womens rights Hillary supporters call Melania Trump trashy because she posed topless as a model."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","As Trump excepted his victory.He stood in front of America   gave his victory speech. With his SON at his side. NOT with the future first lady. She was off to the side.In a womens proper place. Ha."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","She *does* have something in common with former Republican First Ladys.. We had Barbara Bush  Laura Bush  and now Melania I show my Bush Trump."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","YES!!!! nBut yet some people want to say Trump is racist nnTheir is a big difference between an illegal immigrant and an immigrant Citizen."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","And she barely speaks English  but Trumps language isnt much better!"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","LOL Naked pics Im sure people seen her before LOL NO SURPRISE TO AMERICA WELCOME FIRST LADY? Lol this country I swear but hey any things possible Next president will be a FEMALE WELL A TRANSGENDER  to be continued! It dont matter all that matters is that Donald trump be a president for  yrs I guess"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","She will be the first sex worker to become the First Lady  at least there is one thing that is liberal & open about Trump."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","She is a walking  breathing hardly thinking representation of Trump supporters  hollow  uneducated and foreign to the free world."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","I tgought there where going to  look into to her imagration Did she marry Trump just to get a green card"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","the most gorgeous st lady ever     Donald trump mr.president u are a lucky lucky man"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","Give Donald a chance you might just be suprised get over it"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","Why move to Canada. We can fight for what we want in a positive way!!!!nnJust sign the petition and stop Trump from becoming president.nnOn December   the Electors of the Electoral College will cast their ballots. If they all vote the way their states voted  Donald Trump will win. However  they can vote for Hillary Clinton if they choose. Even in states where that is not allowed  their vote would still be counted  they would simply pay a small fine.nWe are calling on the Electors to ignore their states votes and cast their ballots for Secretary Clinton. Why?nMr. Trump is unfit to serve. His scapegoating of so many Americans  and his impulsivity  bullying  lying  admitted history of sexual assault  and utter lack of experience make him a danger to the Republic. nSecretary Clinton WON THE POPULAR VOTE and should be President. n Hillary won the popular vote. The only reason Trump won is because of the Electoral College.nBut the Electoral College can actually give the White House to either candidate. So why not use this most undemocratic of our institutions to ensure a democratic result?nSHE WON THE POPULAR VOTE.nThere is no reason Trump should be President.nIts the Peoples WillnNo. She won the popular vote.nOur system of government under our Constitution says he winsnNo. Our Constitution says the Electors choose.nToo many states prohibit Faithless Electorsn states bind electors. If electors vote against their party  they usually pay a fine. And people get mad. But they can vote however they want and there is no legal means to stop them in most states.nnPLEASE SIGN AND SHARE! This is a petition!!!!nnhttps://www.change.org/p/electoralcollegeelectorselectoralcollegemakehillaryclintonpresidentondecember?recruiter=&utmsource=sharepetition&utmmedium=facebook&utmcampaign=autopublish&utmterm=mobxsnosrcnomsg"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","Lucky man there   Trump.nMay God bless and god speed to you all in America."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","Its really kinda neat looking back to a post from  day ago... When you liberals were mocking us... I hope the bitter taste of defeat just sits in your mouth for months..n Donald J Trump is the president of the United States.n I would say deal with it..   but its just too much fun watching liberal heads explode.Dont trust anything that comes out of Obamas mouth... He is a Saul Alinsky anarchist . Liberals extend an olive branch with one hand while the other hand is hidden behind their back with a knife in it... What were you thinking? That we need to relearn this over and over again.... before it sinks in? Rush Limbaugh is right ...you dont even meet these people halfway.... You defeat them..... We won..They lost... We dont have to do anything they want or desire.. ... Now lets clean up the mess they made so they can destroy it all over again... I feel like Im a babysitter ...trying to keep  Brat idiot  children from burning the house down..."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","Donald Trumps Contract With The American Voter.nnWhat follows is my day action plan to Make America Great Again. It is a contract between myself and the American voter  and begins with restoring honesty  accountability and change to WashingtonnnTherefore  on the first day of my term of office  my administration will immediately pursue the following six measures to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion in Washington  DC:nn* FIRST  propose a Constitutional Amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congressnn* SECOND  a hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce federal workforce through attrition exempting military  public safety  and public healthnn* THIRD  a requirement that for every new federal regulation  two existing regulations must be eliminatednn* FOURTH  a  yearban on White House and Congressional officials becoming lobbyists after they leave government servicenn* FIFTH  a lifetime ban on White House officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign governmentnn* SIXTH  a complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections.nnOn the same day  I will begin taking the following  actions to protect American workers:nn* FIRST  I will announce my intention to renegotiate NAFTA or withdraw from the deal under Article nn* SECOND  I will announce our withdrawal from the TransPacific Partnershipnn* THIRD  I will direct my Secretary of the Treasury to label China a currency manipulatornn* FOURTH  I will direct the Secretary of Commerce and U.S. Trade Representative to identify all foreign trading abuses that unfairly impact American workers and direct them to use every tool under American and international law to end those abuses immediatelynn* FIFTH  I will lift the restrictions on the production of $ trillion dollars worth of jobproducing American energy reserves  including shale  oil  natural gas and clean coal.nn* SIXTH  lift the ObamaClinton roadblocks and allow vital energy infrastructure projects  like the Keystone Pipeline  to move forwardnn* SEVENTH  cancel billions in payments to U.N. climate change programs and use the money to fix Americas water and environmental infrastructurennAdditionally  on the first day  I will take the following five actions to restore security and the constitutional rule of law:nn* FIRST  cancel every unconstitutional executive action  memorandum and order issued by President Obamann* SECOND  begin the process of selecting a replacement for Justice Scalia from one of the  judges on my list  who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United Statesnn* THIRD  cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Citiesnn* FOURTH  begin removing the more than  million criminal illegal immigrants from the country and cancel visas to foreign countries that wont take them backnn* FIFTH  suspend immigration from terrorprone regions where vetting cannot safely occur. All vetting of people coming into our country will be considered extreme vetting.nnNext  I will work with Congress to introduce the following broader legislative measures and fight for their passage within the first  days of my Administration:nnMiddle Class Tax Relief And Simplification Act. An economic plan designed to grow the economy % per year and create at least  million new jobs through massive tax reduction and simplification  in combination with trade reform  regulatory relief  and lifting the restrictions on American energy. The largest tax reductions are for the middle class. A middleclass family with  children will get a % tax cut. The current number of brackets will be reduced from  to   and tax forms will likewise be greatly simplified. The business rate will be lowered from  to  percent  and the trillions of dollars of American corporate money overseas can now be brought back at a  perce"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","I am amused at the asinine comments.  People...put on your big girl panties or your bigboy boxers and understand that we voted...and under the Constitution Mr. Trump is our PresidentElect....and will be our President for  years.  Period.  If you want to cause yourself ulcers and create violence for  years  have a party.  Be miserable.  OR you could do something positive for yourself and look towards the next election and try to legally change things  maybe get involved with your party?  Spewing crap and lies isnt going to change the facts.  You must be miserable!"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","The hypocrisy here is unbelievable!!!   Republicans claim to be sooo conservative in their views.  They expressed disapproval over Michelle Obamas very conservative dress just because she had bare arms and now they approve of a woman who has posed completely nude for money!   They have zero integrity and will say anything and compromise anything to further their agenda.  I am completely disappointed with CNN for their coverage of the election.  Trump and his team kept crying foul by the media but every single time I turned on CNN  I either saw Trump speaking or Kellyann Conway or Scottie whats her name or Gina whats her name or any number of the always angry  always hot headed  Trump women supporters.  Yes Van Jones  Gloria and David were there sometimes but I didnt see them nearly as much until the end of the campaign.  It was always Donald Trump airtime!  Since you guys love your polls so much  why dont you take a good hard look at the amount of airtime spent talking about Trump compared to Hillary!!!!  I already know the answer.  Well you helped to create the monster so sit back  enjoy the show for the next four years and watch as the disaster unfolds!"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","This should be the first immigrant Trump should deport."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","She will probably be one of the hottest first ladies.  Haha.  But having an ex nude model for first lady is not something to be proud of and no Im not a Hillary supporter but I didnt vote Trump either."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","HOT HOT HOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! TRUMP WON  GET OVER IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","Trump must have paid her family lots of money to get her"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","If Donald Trump will start the deportation process he needs to start with her.  Secondly  she needs to learn English!!!  Smh"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","positive","Its UNFORTUNATE the Hillary worshippers are still calling President elect Trump the NAMES that LYING CORRUPT Hillary called him.  TRUMP IS NOT racist. He employs thousands of Hispanics  colored and other minorities because he WANTS those LEGAL immigrants to achieve the AMERICAN DREAM. TRUMP SUPPORTS LEGAL IMMIGRATION  HE SUPPORTS hard working Americans AND he wants to bring jobs to thise who dont have jobs.  Trump is NOT a sexist  NOR is he a misogynistic person. He IS a good guy that has a heart for a FREE CONSTITUTIONAL AMERICA. Liberals  THE CAMPAIGN IS OVER.  Hillarys campaign LIES have fed you GARBAGE. MR. Trump IS our President elect and he wants to see America STAY A FREE Constitutional  STRONG country  AND we ALL WANT to see America be made great again."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","Not mine ... Lets be honest   she only married Trump for his money."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","No in no way does she or can she  come up to first lady standards.  If she did she would not be married to Trump!"]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","Not my first lady.  She will never represent me our my country.  Trump was right the system is rigged."]
["Mr. Trump, Trump.., Trump, Donald Trump.., Donald Trump, Donald, DT, Donald J.","negative","PLEASE SHARE AND LETS STOP FASCISM IN OUR COUNTRY. March with us in Los Angeles against Trump! Saturday  AM.nHere the link for more information.nhttps://www.facebook.com/events//"]
["naked, nude, au naturel, bare, nude painting","negative","Amazing not so many years ago we were worried about whether or not someone inhaled...now the pres elect has been married several times...children with different women...naked pics of wife for all to see...."]
["naked, nude, au naturel, bare, nude painting","negative","She is an immigrant people  !!!! Is she going to be sent back to Slovakia  come on cant even speak proper English !!!! And has nude pictures on a magazine !!!n"]
["naked, nude, au naturel, bare, nude painting","negative","Every time one looks at her...no matter if she has clothes on...will see a naked body."]
["naked, nude, au naturel, bare, nude painting","negative","Already looking up her naked pictures... very nice "]
["naked, nude, au naturel, bare, nude painting","negative","Theyll be waving her naked pictures at the inauguration."]
["naked, nude, au naturel, bare, nude painting","negative","Maybe she will pose nude for the White House right."]
["naked, nude, au naturel, bare, nude painting","negative","A mail order bride that poses nude...How respectable!!"]
["naked, nude, au naturel, bare, nude painting","negative","Meet her??? Ive seen her naked! Whats left to know??"]
["naked, nude, au naturel, bare, nude painting","negative","Not nude!! I was born nude and Im still asking for forgiveness! Smh"]
["naked, nude, au naturel, bare, nude painting","negative","NOPE!!!!!!!!!!  WRONG....message to the world....! Seen her nude body.....where the beef!!!!"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","I remember when Michelle Obama stepped off of Air Force one in a pair of shorts and some folks were saying how she had no class. But now naked pics of Melanie is ok."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","positive","Melania will be a much better First Lady than Michelle Obama !"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","They dragged Michelle Obama for wearing short sleeved . It didnt matter that she is a well educated  well spoken  graceful  classy woman that has remained scandal free. Now  they are praising a centerfold who needs other peoples brain to even think. This my friends  is called PRIVILEGE. I can go on  but refuse to waste anymore of my time."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","Omg  wait and see the uproar by republicans when she wears a sleeveless dress  just like they did when First Lady Michelle Obama did. They thought THAT was trashy....!!!"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","positive","Give her a chance  stop the Hate for gosh sakes! She is no Michelle Obama But Michelle Obama was no Nancy Reagan or Betty Ford. Dont compare  those were some fine first ladies. Stop envisioning and live in the present. Stop the HATE you can leave if you so choose to degrade our Nation and its leader. We accepted Obama for  years  and that wasnt easy for some of us."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","Shes a tramp... very  very distant from the classy Michelle Obama. Its gonna be a circus in the white house. Absolutely disgusted by all of them."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","positive","Well there was also Marilyn Monroe and Monica Lewinsky. No president has been perfect. And Michelle had WAY too much to say. Sometimes I think she forgot she was only the wife of the president. And off topic here but how in the hell is her mother getting $  a month from our lovely government??"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","Im not impressed. I dont think shell accomplish much as First Lady. Michelle Obama  Laura Bush  yes...Hillary Clinton  Barbara Bush  and Nancy Reagan. These were very productive and inspiring First Ladies. Melanias poorly rehearsed speech of  I want to end cyberbullying didnt strike a cord. Its like she didnt hear her husbands rhetoric over the past year."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","This chick COULD NEVER EVER COME CLOSE TO THE CLASS OF MY FIRST LADY MICHELLE OBAMA ! ngiggles"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","You cant compare where you dont compete!!! Michelle Obama "]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","Someone said she will be better than Michelle hellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllno wtf"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","Michelle Obama will forever hold the title of best First Lady not just because of her beauty but of her intellect as well."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","They had a problem with Michelle showing her arms but this air head posed nude and thats ok"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","positive","Wow these comments coming from progressive tolerant fair liberals is quite shocking. All Im hearing is: ill never give her a chance  shes a stripper  Michelle is a better human. Guys she does have feelings"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","Very unladylike pass  no college education  inability to publicly speak... A HUGE step down from Laura and Michelle."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","She is nothing but a bag of leaves no competition for Michelle Obama"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","positive","She is going to a very classy First Lady unlike Michelle obumer no class"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","I hope Michelle tells her she needs to wear appropriate clothes!"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","The difference between Michelle Obama and Malania is the same difference between Class and crass."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","i googled her and got nudes. wtf america. u go from majestic michelle to THIS? tf is wrong w u."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","positive","Classy lady compared to what weve had the past  years.  No doubt she has always been proud to be an American citizen unlike Michelle."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","This makes me want to vomit. I bet Michelle wants to vomit too."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","The hypocrisy here is unbelievable!!!   Republicans claim to be sooo conservative in their views.  They expressed disapproval over Michelle Obamas very conservative dress just because she had bare arms and now they approve of a woman who has posed completely nude for money!   They have zero integrity and will say anything and compromise anything to further their agenda.  I am completely disappointed with CNN for their coverage of the election.  Trump and his team kept crying foul by the media but every single time I turned on CNN  I either saw Trump speaking or Kellyann Conway or Scottie whats her name or Gina whats her name or any number of the always angry  always hot headed  Trump women supporters.  Yes Van Jones  Gloria and David were there sometimes but I didnt see them nearly as much until the end of the campaign.  It was always Donald Trump airtime!  Since you guys love your polls so much  why dont you take a good hard look at the amount of airtime spent talking about Trump compared to Hillary!!!!  I already know the answer.  Well you helped to create the monster so sit back  enjoy the show for the next four years and watch as the disaster unfolds!"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","Not yet she isnt. Michelle Obama is my first lady."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","That is not what I evisioned a first lady to be.  And you pissed a fiit when Michelle showed her arms.  NOTMYFIRSTLADY"]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","She is artificial inside and out.  No depth  personality or opinion.  Just arm candy for a rich man.  What an example for our daughters.   I am ashamed she is following Michelle."]
["Mrs.Obama, Michelle, Michelle Obama, Mrs. Obama, Mrs Obama","negative","Sorry....your backround failed.  Be educated and learn to be like Michelle Obama & Hillary Clinton"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Melania will be a much better First Lady than Michelle Obama !"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Like it or not Trump was elected by the electoral college and hes what were going to get.  He will be governed by rules  maybe for the first time in his life  as President.  Her?  I shake my head that she will be joining the ranks of our First Ladies.  It sickens me."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Not my first lady  hell not even my rd. Whoever voted for these people can have her... the very same people who seem to have problems foreign born  well all hail the first harlot in office"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","History made her your first lady. No need for many negative comments. Just give her the freedom to be ur first lady. Respect her. She might turn out to be one of the dearest and best first lady in American history. Dont judge people with their past deeds. He/She who is without sin be the first to cast the stone."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She is not the First Lady period!!! She is a green light Lady who used to give her body for money. Her body suppose to be her temple. Trump picked her after he was drunk  so they match each other.Not the First Lady of America. Shame on both of them. Theyre both Lust  vampires in the same world not our world."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Im so sorry but all the makeup  fancy clothes and jewelry DOES NOT make her a first lady. She is a clown to me. Their is not congruency with her actions. Plagiarism and nudity are things I do not want to show to my children."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Send her back to her country  shes an immigrant herself!! An embarrassment to the US with those nude pics  not my first lady. Not good  how can we explain this to our children and grandchildren."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Omg  wait and see the uproar by republicans when she wears a sleeveless dress  just like they did when First Lady Michelle Obama did. They thought THAT was trashy....!!!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","How can anyone tell their daughters that this is who they should aspire to be. This mother  wife has allowed her husband to speak of women like a piece of property or trash. She has no backbone  shes not  American. She is not the First Lady of the country where my parents and I were born period. I will never recognize her idiot husband and her as the representatives of my country the United States of America."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Shes been out there for everyone to see for a very long time  the lady stripped naked in front cameras for magazines for money."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Prettiest First Lady ever and a great mother for her son. The election is over so people should come together and move forward. Vote him out in four years if you do not like his tenure as president."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Give her a chance  stop the Hate for gosh sakes! She is no Michelle Obama But Michelle Obama was no Nancy Reagan or Betty Ford. Dont compare  those were some fine first ladies. Stop envisioning and live in the present. Stop the HATE you can leave if you so choose to degrade our Nation and its leader. We accepted Obama for  years  and that wasnt easy for some of us."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Mitchelle Obama continues to be my First Lady even if her husbands term of presidency is over. Knowledge  self confidence  attractiveness and strength shines in that educated selfmade black pearl   Mitchelle Obama."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative",".....and there you have it. She cant even answer a question correctly were one can understand. This is what Americans select as the First Lady to represent our Country. Waoooo You can speak  or  languages and.....tutor is on the making because it takes class and great discipline to fit the shoes if the First Lady. Good luck."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","The empress first lady has no clothes or morals!!! She is a now going to represent our country  A person who worked as an illegal immigrant  a nude model in lesbian scenes  and a golddigger who cant speak proper English. This is the role model the Conservatives voted in! This the example for our daughters. In addition to the orange one  this is a global embarrassment!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She isnt First Lady material at all. I dont see anything that she could teach our children of today. She is not a role model. Maybe Trump will Deport her"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","no matter what you do to her it will not change the fact that she is the new First Lady of the United states of America thats all end of conversation."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","First Lady my foot I wud pay no respect to an exnude model who knows nothing but to flash her fake personality in front of camera"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","This is  youll better not say anything when Kim K becomes our First Lady in  at least she is a US born citizen.if you know what I mean"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","This woman is the epitome of what is collectively wrong with the psyche of women today and the struggle of all of our mothers and grandmothers exploitation and abused endured on the past. She is an object not a lady."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","The first FLOTUS ever posed and shared her nude poses with America and the world. History is made indeed :"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Well they say if you dont take care of your home theres always a hoe around the corner wanting to do it for you! Welcome first hoe i mean Lady! HA!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Its never going to be back to normal!!! But sad when u let the First Lady be immigrants and to pose nude in photo shot.. Truly sad.."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","As Trump excepted his victory.He stood in front of America   gave his victory speech. With his SON at his side. NOT with the future first lady. She was off to the side.In a womens proper place. Ha."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She *does* have something in common with former Republican First Ladys.. We had Barbara Bush  Laura Bush  and now Melania I show my Bush Trump."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Im not impressed. I dont think shell accomplish much as First Lady. Michelle Obama  Laura Bush  yes...Hillary Clinton  Barbara Bush  and Nancy Reagan. These were very productive and inspiring First Ladies. Melanias poorly rehearsed speech of  I want to end cyberbullying didnt strike a cord. Its like she didnt hear her husbands rhetoric over the past year."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She will never be my First Lady. Im waiting for the first nude centerfold in the Lincoln Bedroom"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","This chick COULD NEVER EVER COME CLOSE TO THE CLASS OF MY FIRST LADY MICHELLE OBAMA ! ngiggles"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She a hoe and on top of that how tf she gonna be the First Lady of our country and we can only understand every other word coming out of her mouth!? TF"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Michelle Obama will forever hold the title of best First Lady not just because of her beauty but of her intellect as well."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","We are the first country to have a blow up doll as a first lady. Yet we impeached Clinton for lying about getting some blow jobs. Good job"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","And the first to lie about her education.. And the first to plagiarize someone elses speech ... And was she legal?"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Poor dear...but wheres the nope she isnt my first lady button!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She does not compare to any woman of class. Can you see her at a st ladies luncheon."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Its great that she did a playboy shoot. I can finally jerk off to a first lady without having to feel guilty about it."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","But we never had a First Lady who was a pole dancer or appeared totally naked in newspapers and on social media"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Nope. Shes not my first lady. And he is not my president. I do not plan on adhering to any of his policies and if that gets me put in jail Im more than okay with that."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","LOL Naked pics Im sure people seen her before LOL NO SURPRISE TO AMERICA WELCOME FIRST LADY? Lol this country I swear but hey any things possible Next president will be a FEMALE WELL A TRANSGENDER  to be continued! It dont matter all that matters is that Donald trump be a president for  yrs I guess"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","That ex nude model becomes the first lady OMG speechless . What the hell is going on?"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Shes so hot for a first lady and this thread is filled with bitterness and envy. Go Melania!!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Sorry  I prefer First Ladies who keep their dern clothes on. Weve already gotten to know her a bit too well."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","What kind of role model will she be for our yours girls. This lady those not deserve to be our First Lady. Is a shame."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She is his first lady not Americas. Shes more like an embarrassment and disgrace to our country."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","You mean first robot. Best soon to be released   yr comedy/horror TV reality show!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","No  she isnt the first lady. she is always be who she is  a gold digger."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She will be the first sex worker to become the First Lady  at least there is one thing that is liberal & open about Trump."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","I so welcome you as our first lady! Congratulations and God be with you!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","What a classy woman ! She will make a perfect first lady."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","so shes the second foreign born but I think shes still the first ESCORT"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She def. Isnt first llady material n never will b... Tramp!!!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","First  First Lady without a college degree  First Lady who posed nude  First Lady who is as dumb as a rock. This is the First Lady little girls will look to??"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Hmmm..the second foreign born ...and the absolute first to have posed nude!...I tell yuh..only in merica"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","YOUR FIRST LADY AMERICA THE FORMER STRIPPER ......THIS IS A SLAP IN AMERICAS FACE WHAT OR WHY WOULD THIS BE A ROLE MODEL YOU SHOULD LOOK UP TO COMPARED TO THE MANY HONORABLE FIRST LADIES WE HAD IN THE PAST?????"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Blessed are we to have a Female st Lady... She is Beautiful and well suited to a multicultural country."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Shes beautiful and intelligent.. proud to say shes our First Lady!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","What a sham....they left out all the nude pics....some first lady!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","No thank you pron actors or model arent fit to be first lady of America."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Gorgeous lady. Perfectly fits as a First Lady. Good Luck and God Bless!!!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She aint my first lady and she dont represent me or my people"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","First bimbo more like itnBrainless  and plastic  she serves little purpose"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Will Ramirez why dont you leave!! What makes you less moronic. Traditional values have never included a naked First Lady"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Finally  a First Lady that I can love and respect!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","And the first one whose body the entire world has seen naked... Ugh!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Now Mexico and USA have idiots for first Ladys I bet they will be very good BFFs "]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","And the first sl*t who become st lady . Congratulations!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","She is going to a very classy First Lady unlike Michelle obumer no class"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Excuse me while I puke... even if I accept him as president  that woman is not first lady material."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","A lot of you are disappointing. Please give our current and future First Lady the respect  they deserve."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","the most gorgeous st lady ever     Donald trump mr.president u are a lucky lucky man"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","And her first speech as formal first lady is HOW TO GET NUDE IN FRONT OF CAMERAS  seriously this is an insult to america"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Plagiarism is no longer a reason to fail your next class paper...Why? Because if the First Lady can do it so can you!!!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Really classy lady who once posed nude ...shell go down as a real trail blazer Im sure...pathetic."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Not mine !nShe is nasty not a lady no matter how much they pay fo cover her up now."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Cant call her the first or the last . Lady quite not one!!!!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Would be nice if the first lady of the US could speak unaccented English."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Shes not my a lady . nA woman like that doesnt belong at the White House but in  a striped club"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Using the word lady quite loosely these days!!   Having the Oval Office fitted for the striper pole soon no doubt."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","No. Not in the same class as previous first ladies and never will be. She took her clothes off for a living. She brings shame to the position of first lady."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Thanks for posting this. It made me laugh for the first time since Tuesday."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","So a foreigner can be the First Lady but the president  does not want foreigners in America?! Huh?."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","And the first one we got to see in her birthday suit. I believe well see a lot of firsts here."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Omg thats the first lady ... Mmmmm I did not recognize her  shes wearing clothes...... Jaja"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","This beautiful First Lady will enrage the jealous bones of many FAT bodies!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","I cant wait for this  might as well go to a strip club and pick out a first lady."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","I dont care what people saying. Shes the new First Lady. Deal with it."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","As Jesus said he who is with out sin cast the first stone ."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","This woman is a history maker. She will officially become the First Thot of the United States FTOTUS. :"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","BUT....the first to be naked on camera....this country really has become a joke!!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Not my president and not my first nude model that barely speaks English First Lady."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","No?! Lol   its done. She IS the first lady. So many butt hurt people today  lol. Calm tf down. "]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Classy lady compared to what weve had the past  years.  No doubt she has always been proud to be an American citizen unlike Michelle."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Not my First Lady! She is definitely not who Id want little girls in this country to look up to!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","And the first to have her naked pictures posted all of over the internet"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Donald Trumps Contract With The American Voter.nnWhat follows is my day action plan to Make America Great Again. It is a contract between myself and the American voter  and begins with restoring honesty  accountability and change to WashingtonnnTherefore  on the first day of my term of office  my administration will immediately pursue the following six measures to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion in Washington  DC:nn* FIRST  propose a Constitutional Amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congressnn* SECOND  a hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce federal workforce through attrition exempting military  public safety  and public healthnn* THIRD  a requirement that for every new federal regulation  two existing regulations must be eliminatednn* FOURTH  a  yearban on White House and Congressional officials becoming lobbyists after they leave government servicenn* FIFTH  a lifetime ban on White House officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign governmentnn* SIXTH  a complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections.nnOn the same day  I will begin taking the following  actions to protect American workers:nn* FIRST  I will announce my intention to renegotiate NAFTA or withdraw from the deal under Article nn* SECOND  I will announce our withdrawal from the TransPacific Partnershipnn* THIRD  I will direct my Secretary of the Treasury to label China a currency manipulatornn* FOURTH  I will direct the Secretary of Commerce and U.S. Trade Representative to identify all foreign trading abuses that unfairly impact American workers and direct them to use every tool under American and international law to end those abuses immediatelynn* FIFTH  I will lift the restrictions on the production of $ trillion dollars worth of jobproducing American energy reserves  including shale  oil  natural gas and clean coal.nn* SIXTH  lift the ObamaClinton roadblocks and allow vital energy infrastructure projects  like the Keystone Pipeline  to move forwardnn* SEVENTH  cancel billions in payments to U.N. climate change programs and use the money to fix Americas water and environmental infrastructurennAdditionally  on the first day  I will take the following five actions to restore security and the constitutional rule of law:nn* FIRST  cancel every unconstitutional executive action  memorandum and order issued by President Obamann* SECOND  begin the process of selecting a replacement for Justice Scalia from one of the  judges on my list  who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United Statesnn* THIRD  cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Citiesnn* FOURTH  begin removing the more than  million criminal illegal immigrants from the country and cancel visas to foreign countries that wont take them backnn* FIFTH  suspend immigration from terrorprone regions where vetting cannot safely occur. All vetting of people coming into our country will be considered extreme vetting.nnNext  I will work with Congress to introduce the following broader legislative measures and fight for their passage within the first  days of my Administration:nnMiddle Class Tax Relief And Simplification Act. An economic plan designed to grow the economy % per year and create at least  million new jobs through massive tax reduction and simplification  in combination with trade reform  regulatory relief  and lifting the restrictions on American energy. The largest tax reductions are for the middle class. A middleclass family with  children will get a % tax cut. The current number of brackets will be reduced from  to   and tax forms will likewise be greatly simplified. The business rate will be lowered from  to  percent  and the trillions of dollars of American corporate money overseas can now be brought back at a  perce"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","WONDERFUL to have a new First Lady who was actually born a female  unlike oBamas husband  Michael LaVaughn Robinson.   :"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","And the first first lady to work in the US illegally  "]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","I would not use the term First Lady more like first bimbo."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","So much hatred  just listen to yourselves! Sadly  hateful comments were made  years ago as well. We just never learn  do we?  He who is without sin  cast the first stone.  Must have a whole lot of perfect people here....nope! Only one was perfect and that was Jesus Christ. Consider your own mistakes  errors in judgment  before picking up those stones.  Pray for America  after all  we are America! Whether this president succeeds or fails  affects us all. And yes  I defended President Obama and Mrs Obama  years ago when hatred raised its ugly head. "]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Trashy first lady or better first tramp what a joke"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She is not my first lady. Her shitbag husband isnt my president."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","This is no first lady never will be a first lady. One thing is standing by your husband is what we should do  but standing by your biggot  racist  rappist etc husband that doesnt make you st lady. nThis is all about power to both of them  nothing more.  Hope next month he will be impeached after he is labeled as a sex offender in the case of that young lady he rapped!!!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Not yet she isnt. Michelle Obama is my first lady."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","That is not what I evisioned a first lady to be.  And you pissed a fiit when Michelle showed her arms.  NOTMYFIRSTLADY"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","This should be the first immigrant Trump should deport."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She will probably be one of the hottest first ladies.  Haha.  But having an ex nude model for first lady is not something to be proud of and no Im not a Hillary supporter but I didnt vote Trump either."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","I want a first lady that doesnt finger her cootch!!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Certainly  our country says anyone can grow up and be President but they must be real CITIZENS not a foreign born model  especially from the Russian areas.  I wonder how long Trumpf will keep her now that hundreds of Republican ladies will want to bed him...."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","We have already met her completelythrough her nude photos.  She is such a disgrace and insult to the position.  She will never be called First Lady by me and I would hope many  many more Americans."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","And the first nude lady to live in the White House. "]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","A mistress. stripper and nude model who is here illegally with an anchor baby.   A real shame that this is who follows the most educated  well spoken  classy First Lady weve had."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","And the first one to have bare it all for the public!!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Ugh... Not my President  not my first lady... Not my circus..."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","First time Im seeing a third class First lady "]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She isnt the First Lady "]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Will make a brilliant first lady   "]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Not my First Lady "]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Beautiful sucsessuful First Lady  America should be proud!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","She doesnt deserve to even have the title first lady. "]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","She will be a hot First Lady for sure "]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Love my beautiful smart first lady.dont hate her because shes successful"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","And the first to proudly have nude pics of her in the internet. Class."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","NO !!  CNN didnt you want to share some of our first ladies nude pics ??"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","No in no way does she or can she  come up to first lady standards.  If she did she would not be married to Trump!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","Not my first lady.  She will never represent me our my country.  Trump was right the system is rigged."]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","positive","Beautiful First Lady!!  Praying for your family!!"]
["first lady, First Lady, Lady, lady, First","negative","De evolution.  From a smart first lady to a woman that was a gold digger and took off her clothes for a living"]
["hubby, husband, married man","negative","Looks like a cat  OH! maybe because she is one! He FOUND her online  and bought her for himself. That is why she is not bothered by many things her husband has said and done. Asco Nofirstlady"]
["hubby, husband, married man","positive","Because Im sure all the presidents that have had affairs are much better than this.... right? Not to mention most leaders of the states. Not defending her  Id love to see what she can do with the title she has now and hoping her husband lets her speak at least because she looks like shes been under his shoe for a while.... missingtheReaganEra TrueFirstLadyReagan"]
["hubby, husband, married man","negative","How can anyone tell their daughters that this is who they should aspire to be. This mother  wife has allowed her husband to speak of women like a piece of property or trash. She has no backbone  shes not  American. She is not the First Lady of the country where my parents and I were born period. I will never recognize her idiot husband and her as the representatives of my country the United States of America."]
["hubby, husband, married man","negative","Mitchelle Obama continues to be my First Lady even if her husbands term of presidency is over. Knowledge  self confidence  attractiveness and strength shines in that educated selfmade black pearl   Mitchelle Obama."]
["hubby, husband, married man","negative","The same illegal immigrant who worked in the US for weeks with no visa is helping her husband build a wall to keep others like HER out."]
["hubby, husband, married man","positive","Aimee so what youre saying is we shouldnt judge Hilary based on her husbands behaviour but judging Melania for that is ok? Think about that."]
["hubby, husband, married man","negative","Im not impressed. I dont think shell accomplish much as First Lady. Michelle Obama  Laura Bush  yes...Hillary Clinton  Barbara Bush  and Nancy Reagan. These were very productive and inspiring First Ladies. Melanias poorly rehearsed speech of  I want to end cyberbullying didnt strike a cord. Its like she didnt hear her husbands rhetoric over the past year."]
["hubby, husband, married man","negative","Nope. Not a chance. Shes as bad as her husband. The true deplorables."]
["hubby, husband, married man","positive","I like her she stand for the truth even her husband the president has his bad temper n attitude she is here to support her .."]
["hubby, husband, married man","positive","Go Melanie. Congratulations to you  your husband and your family."]
["hubby, husband, married man","positive","WONDERFUL to have a new First Lady who was actually born a female  unlike oBamas husband  Michael LaVaughn Robinson.   :"]
["hubby, husband, married man","negative","She is not my first lady. Her shitbag husband isnt my president."]
["hubby, husband, married man","negative","This is no first lady never will be a first lady. One thing is standing by your husband is what we should do  but standing by your biggot  racist  rappist etc husband that doesnt make you st lady. nThis is all about power to both of them  nothing more.  Hope next month he will be impeached after he is labeled as a sex offender in the case of that young lady he rapped!!!"]
["hubby, husband, married man","negative","If her. Son. Said.  What husband  did.   insulting. Women.  The disable eand. Etc What she do to her son!!     Son. Look he. Hwas.  Lost.  Or something.  "]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","History made her your first lady. No need for many negative comments. Just give her the freedom to be ur first lady. Respect her. She might turn out to be one of the dearest and best first lady in American history. Dont judge people with their past deeds. He/She who is without sin be the first to cast the stone."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","She is not the First Lady period!!! She is a green light Lady who used to give her body for money. Her body suppose to be her temple. Trump picked her after he was drunk  so they match each other.Not the First Lady of America. Shame on both of them. Theyre both Lust  vampires in the same world not our world."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","Its funny how the GOP is supposedly the party of family values  and always look down upon us liberals. Yet  they voted in the most disgusting man  with a woman of ill repute as a wife.  Im all for woman empowerment  however there are consequences to your actions. Here is to all GOP daughter at having a girl on girl action nude model as a role model  dont you dare be upset if theyd rather go Melanias way instead of college."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","How can anyone tell their daughters that this is who they should aspire to be. This mother  wife has allowed her husband to speak of women like a piece of property or trash. She has no backbone  shes not  American. She is not the First Lady of the country where my parents and I were born period. I will never recognize her idiot husband and her as the representatives of my country the United States of America."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","Give her a chance  stop the Hate for gosh sakes! She is no Michelle Obama But Michelle Obama was no Nancy Reagan or Betty Ford. Dont compare  those were some fine first ladies. Stop envisioning and live in the present. Stop the HATE you can leave if you so choose to degrade our Nation and its leader. We accepted Obama for  years  and that wasnt easy for some of us."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","AimeeTobing wants free health care and things free.. like Denmark.. she has a lot of room to talk!! Women need to know that no matter what your past is.. you can rise up!! Everyone is expected to accept the LGBT community.  Give her a chance.. America is about being free!"]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","no matter what you do to her it will not change the fact that she is the new First Lady of the United states of America thats all end of conversation."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","The first FLOTUS ever posed and shared her nude poses with America and the world. History is made indeed :"]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","As Trump excepted his victory.He stood in front of America   gave his victory speech. With his SON at his side. NOT with the future first lady. She was off to the side.In a womens proper place. Ha."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","LOL Naked pics Im sure people seen her before LOL NO SURPRISE TO AMERICA WELCOME FIRST LADY? Lol this country I swear but hey any things possible Next president will be a FEMALE WELL A TRANSGENDER  to be continued! It dont matter all that matters is that Donald trump be a president for  yrs I guess"]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","She is his first lady not Americas. Shes more like an embarrassment and disgrace to our country."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","YOUR FIRST LADY AMERICA THE FORMER STRIPPER ......THIS IS A SLAP IN AMERICAS FACE WHAT OR WHY WOULD THIS BE A ROLE MODEL YOU SHOULD LOOK UP TO COMPARED TO THE MANY HONORABLE FIRST LADIES WE HAD IN THE PAST?????"]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","Melania an Exstripper...now the mother of all Americans... Indeed America is the land of all dreams"]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","Ughhhhh really ? How can I explain my daughter when she finds out she was butt naked in mags   working illegally in the USA and married a carrot."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","No thank you pron actors or model arent fit to be first lady of America."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","Soo proud a stripper playboy centerfold is my USA representative to the world! Oh wait we are already being laughed at  smh"]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","Now Mexico and USA have idiots for first Ladys I bet they will be very good BFFs "]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","i googled her and got nudes. wtf america. u go from majestic michelle to THIS? tf is wrong w u."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","So a foreigner can be the First Lady but the president  does not want foreigners in America?! Huh?."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","AMERICA is definitely changing        itll never be the same."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","Why move to Canada. We can fight for what we want in a positive way!!!!nnJust sign the petition and stop Trump from becoming president.nnOn December   the Electors of the Electoral College will cast their ballots. If they all vote the way their states voted  Donald Trump will win. However  they can vote for Hillary Clinton if they choose. Even in states where that is not allowed  their vote would still be counted  they would simply pay a small fine.nWe are calling on the Electors to ignore their states votes and cast their ballots for Secretary Clinton. Why?nMr. Trump is unfit to serve. His scapegoating of so many Americans  and his impulsivity  bullying  lying  admitted history of sexual assault  and utter lack of experience make him a danger to the Republic. nSecretary Clinton WON THE POPULAR VOTE and should be President. n Hillary won the popular vote. The only reason Trump won is because of the Electoral College.nBut the Electoral College can actually give the White House to either candidate. So why not use this most undemocratic of our institutions to ensure a democratic result?nSHE WON THE POPULAR VOTE.nThere is no reason Trump should be President.nIts the Peoples WillnNo. She won the popular vote.nOur system of government under our Constitution says he winsnNo. Our Constitution says the Electors choose.nToo many states prohibit Faithless Electorsn states bind electors. If electors vote against their party  they usually pay a fine. And people get mad. But they can vote however they want and there is no legal means to stop them in most states.nnPLEASE SIGN AND SHARE! This is a petition!!!!nnhttps://www.change.org/p/electoralcollegeelectorselectoralcollegemakehillaryclintonpresidentondecember?recruiter=&utmsource=sharepetition&utmmedium=facebook&utmcampaign=autopublish&utmterm=mobxsnosrcnomsg"]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","This woman is a history maker. She will officially become the First Thot of the United States FTOTUS. :"]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","Lucky man there   Trump.nMay God bless and god speed to you all in America."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","Its really kinda neat looking back to a post from  day ago... When you liberals were mocking us... I hope the bitter taste of defeat just sits in your mouth for months..n Donald J Trump is the president of the United States.n I would say deal with it..   but its just too much fun watching liberal heads explode.Dont trust anything that comes out of Obamas mouth... He is a Saul Alinsky anarchist . Liberals extend an olive branch with one hand while the other hand is hidden behind their back with a knife in it... What were you thinking? That we need to relearn this over and over again.... before it sinks in? Rush Limbaugh is right ...you dont even meet these people halfway.... You defeat them..... We won..They lost... We dont have to do anything they want or desire.. ... Now lets clean up the mess they made so they can destroy it all over again... I feel like Im a babysitter ...trying to keep  Brat idiot  children from burning the house down..."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","As Obama and Hillary have instructed us ... let us welcome our new President and his lovely wife in the spirit of Unity and Oneness."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","Donald Trumps Contract With The American Voter.nnWhat follows is my day action plan to Make America Great Again. It is a contract between myself and the American voter  and begins with restoring honesty  accountability and change to WashingtonnnTherefore  on the first day of my term of office  my administration will immediately pursue the following six measures to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion in Washington  DC:nn* FIRST  propose a Constitutional Amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congressnn* SECOND  a hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce federal workforce through attrition exempting military  public safety  and public healthnn* THIRD  a requirement that for every new federal regulation  two existing regulations must be eliminatednn* FOURTH  a  yearban on White House and Congressional officials becoming lobbyists after they leave government servicenn* FIFTH  a lifetime ban on White House officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign governmentnn* SIXTH  a complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections.nnOn the same day  I will begin taking the following  actions to protect American workers:nn* FIRST  I will announce my intention to renegotiate NAFTA or withdraw from the deal under Article nn* SECOND  I will announce our withdrawal from the TransPacific Partnershipnn* THIRD  I will direct my Secretary of the Treasury to label China a currency manipulatornn* FOURTH  I will direct the Secretary of Commerce and U.S. Trade Representative to identify all foreign trading abuses that unfairly impact American workers and direct them to use every tool under American and international law to end those abuses immediatelynn* FIFTH  I will lift the restrictions on the production of $ trillion dollars worth of jobproducing American energy reserves  including shale  oil  natural gas and clean coal.nn* SIXTH  lift the ObamaClinton roadblocks and allow vital energy infrastructure projects  like the Keystone Pipeline  to move forwardnn* SEVENTH  cancel billions in payments to U.N. climate change programs and use the money to fix Americas water and environmental infrastructurennAdditionally  on the first day  I will take the following five actions to restore security and the constitutional rule of law:nn* FIRST  cancel every unconstitutional executive action  memorandum and order issued by President Obamann* SECOND  begin the process of selecting a replacement for Justice Scalia from one of the  judges on my list  who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United Statesnn* THIRD  cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Citiesnn* FOURTH  begin removing the more than  million criminal illegal immigrants from the country and cancel visas to foreign countries that wont take them backnn* FIFTH  suspend immigration from terrorprone regions where vetting cannot safely occur. All vetting of people coming into our country will be considered extreme vetting.nnNext  I will work with Congress to introduce the following broader legislative measures and fight for their passage within the first  days of my Administration:nnMiddle Class Tax Relief And Simplification Act. An economic plan designed to grow the economy % per year and create at least  million new jobs through massive tax reduction and simplification  in combination with trade reform  regulatory relief  and lifting the restrictions on American energy. The largest tax reductions are for the middle class. A middleclass family with  children will get a % tax cut. The current number of brackets will be reduced from  to   and tax forms will likewise be greatly simplified. The business rate will be lowered from  to  percent  and the trillions of dollars of American corporate money overseas can now be brought back at a  perce"]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","T  R  U  M  P will make America great again!"]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","So much hatred  just listen to yourselves! Sadly  hateful comments were made  years ago as well. We just never learn  do we?  He who is without sin  cast the first stone.  Must have a whole lot of perfect people here....nope! Only one was perfect and that was Jesus Christ. Consider your own mistakes  errors in judgment  before picking up those stones.  Pray for America  after all  we are America! Whether this president succeeds or fails  affects us all. And yes  I defended President Obama and Mrs Obama  years ago when hatred raised its ugly head. "]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","t occurred to me that the president will be on welfare.  He will get free housing  food  transportation  and even household help all because he  is too smart to pay income tax like the rest of us.  Couple that with the lifetime secret service protection  this is the most expensive public servant ever.  Plus he is unpolished and unrefined.  Probably wants to put his name on the White House."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","Beautiful sucsessuful First Lady  America should be proud!"]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","positive","Its UNFORTUNATE the Hillary worshippers are still calling President elect Trump the NAMES that LYING CORRUPT Hillary called him.  TRUMP IS NOT racist. He employs thousands of Hispanics  colored and other minorities because he WANTS those LEGAL immigrants to achieve the AMERICAN DREAM. TRUMP SUPPORTS LEGAL IMMIGRATION  HE SUPPORTS hard working Americans AND he wants to bring jobs to thise who dont have jobs.  Trump is NOT a sexist  NOR is he a misogynistic person. He IS a good guy that has a heart for a FREE CONSTITUTIONAL AMERICA. Liberals  THE CAMPAIGN IS OVER.  Hillarys campaign LIES have fed you GARBAGE. MR. Trump IS our President elect and he wants to see America STAY A FREE Constitutional  STRONG country  AND we ALL WANT to see America be made great again."]
["States, United, USA, U.S.A., U.S., the States, United States of America, US, United States, US history, America, history","negative","PLEASE SHARE AND LETS STOP FASCISM IN OUR COUNTRY. March with us in Los Angeles against Trump! Saturday  AM.nHere the link for more information.nhttps://www.facebook.com/events//"]
["American, american","negative","Immigration needs to bring her in and have her explain why she lied during the interview process when applying for American citizenship."]
["American, american","negative","Such a scary smile...she is supposed To be an immigrant as all Americans are actually she is American only since  and she is living with a guy who wants no immigrant in the country come oooooon"]
["American, american","negative","And yet she was able to vote I thought you had to be American citizen to vote what rules change for whatever your needs we dont even have a true democracy anymore or did she buy that too"]
["American, american","negative","Russia is looking and laughing at you Americans....  We Africans thought you folks are more civilise. Now I see  civilization is not about buildings and system  it is a state of mind and a steady way of life....."]
["American, american","negative","Immigrant stripper who married up?nGuess thats the new American drea."]
["American, american","negative","What education and studies does she have?? Marrying a rich old man and being his porno star??? Thats what represents all the americans today."]
["immigrant","negative","Such a scary smile...she is supposed To be an immigrant as all Americans are actually she is American only since  and she is living with a guy who wants no immigrant in the country come oooooon"]
["immigrant","negative","She is an immigrant people  !!!! Is she going to be sent back to Slovakia  come on cant even speak proper English !!!! And has nude pictures on a magazine !!!n"]
["immigrant","negative","Immigrant stripper who married up?nGuess thats the new American drea."]
["immigrant","negative","Well John Quincy Adams wife was Londonborn. So she was English  albeit an immigrant"]
["immigrant","negative","For someone who hates foreigners and immigrants he sure marries enough of them. Hes lucky someone let her in."]
["beautiful","negative","She is beautiful but her character is not. Married an old misogynistic man for money. She is no example for young women and girls looking up to her."]
["beautiful","positive","So easy to condemn  look in your glass house before you throw a stone! She is beautiful  I love my body! She has nothing to be ashamed of!"]
["beautiful","positive","LOL @ the liberal hypocrisy of a female empowering herself by showing off her body. Havent I seen a lot of ugly  rotund feminazis doing that lately? People are just jealous that she is beautiful and feminine."]
["beautiful","positive","she is beautiful  and i wish her nothing but the best in a very high pressure job"]
["beautiful","positive","She is lovely  beautiful  classy   elegant...ready for the whitehouse!"]
["beautiful","positive","Beautiful  intelligent  graceful and elegant. Wonderful."]
["beautiful","positive","Beautiful I look forward to getting to know her better."]
["conjoin, espouse, get hitched with, get married, hook up with, marry, wed","negative","Amazing not so many years ago we were worried about whether or not someone inhaled...now the pres elect has been married several times...children with different women...naked pics of wife for all to see...."]
["conjoin, espouse, get hitched with, get married, hook up with, marry, wed","negative","I just dont have the energy to beat her up. She came from nothing and married a billionaire and now she is kind of thrown into this. She didnt exactly help him get elected."]
["conjoin, espouse, get hitched with, get married, hook up with, marry, wed","negative","Immigrant stripper who married up?nGuess thats the new American drea."]
["conjoin, espouse, get hitched with, get married, hook up with, marry, wed","negative","She has to earn her keep  she probably married him for his $  cant think why anyone would marry him otherwise."]
["conjoin, espouse, get hitched with, get married, hook up with, marry, wed","negative","What education and studies does she have?? Marrying a rich old man and being his porno star??? Thats what represents all the americans today."]
["conjoin, espouse, get hitched with, get married, hook up with, marry, wed","negative","For someone who hates foreigners and immigrants he sure marries enough of them. Hes lucky someone let her in."]
["address, speech","negative","So what?! I will not watch any of her speeches  I just cant take the speech patterns. Annoying. Having an accent is one thing  broken english is not acceptable  IMHO."]
["address, speech","negative","As Trump excepted his victory.He stood in front of America   gave his victory speech. With his SON at his side. NOT with the future first lady. She was off to the side.In a womens proper place. Ha."]
["address, speech","negative","Im not impressed. I dont think shell accomplish much as First Lady. Michelle Obama  Laura Bush  yes...Hillary Clinton  Barbara Bush  and Nancy Reagan. These were very productive and inspiring First Ladies. Melanias poorly rehearsed speech of  I want to end cyberbullying didnt strike a cord. Its like she didnt hear her husbands rhetoric over the past year."]
["address, speech","negative","And the first to lie about her education.. And the first to plagiarize someone elses speech ... And was she legal?"]
["address, speech","negative","And her first speech as formal first lady is HOW TO GET NUDE IN FRONT OF CAMERAS  seriously this is an insult to america"]
