["election","negative","Get over it! Its done! If we could just get past the presidential election  that would be great. Sick of seeing that Ladys face on my news feed."]
["election","negative","CNN is  noted for each year picking a person or topic and just beating it into the ground.  ENOUGH ALREADY. We need to come together and stop this division in our country. CNN you are NOT helping the situation one bit.  years from now mark my word CNN will still be blowing its own horn over this election.  CNN should be banned from the airways."]
["election","negative","Jeez  dont you think its high time you got over it? Its been almost  months since the presidential election and you are still whining about it. Whats done is done.. There are more pressing matters around the globe than this frikkin election."]
["election","positive","The election process in the US sucks. No democracy at all."]
["election","negative","Can someone let CNN know the election is over & they lost? Thanks."]
["election","negative","You mean the election that the Russians hacked"]
["election","negative","Please call it a day on this election...it is what it is"]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","CNN calls itself a news organization  and the people who work there dont realize that our country is a Constitutional Republic  not a Democracy. This has been in place for  years. nHRC didnt know that when she ran??"]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","Does it change anything CNN? you guys should focus on other important matters and stop tarnishing you incoming presidents name... Your journalists can do better news reporting and leave this petty slandering for the small boys"]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","Get over it! Its done! If we could just get past the presidential election  that would be great. Sick of seeing that Ladys face on my news feed."]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","And in other unimportant news...I got that floating speck out of my eyeball after  minutes.......in case you all wanted to know more utterly useless information"]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","Old news. CNN  yes we do know she was your pick.  Please stop crying publicly and hide your bias better."]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","Grump and his zombies just consider this fake news. Their new reality."]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","CNN guess what  no one cares... find some better news you SUCK!!!"]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","Cnn please give it up get back to the news  been on BBC to get mine people should try it"]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","CNN is  noted for each year picking a person or topic and just beating it into the ground.  ENOUGH ALREADY. We need to come together and stop this division in our country. CNN you are NOT helping the situation one bit.  years from now mark my word CNN will still be blowing its own horn over this election.  CNN should be banned from the airways."]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","Hummm. CNN. Dont believe a word of it. Just sayin. By the way. Who cares??"]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","SHE STILL LOST GET THE F*** OVER IT report some real news"]
["intelligence, news, tidings, word","negative","Fake news. Get over it"]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","Oh give me a break.  Clinton won California by about  million votes  which is significantly more than her swamping Trump in the National total.  As The Donald said several times  she campaigned in the wrong states.  So in addition to her lying  getting away with security breaches that would hav eput any other person in federal prison  she also failed as a politician.  Get over it people"]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","I used to watch CNN a lot ........ until I grew up and Im  years old.  Never realized what a bunch of deplorable leftwing crybabies they were until the last U.S election campaign.  Clearly obvious you dont have to be a journalist  to work there.....just a Democratic Party pawn."]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","When will people understand seeking popular vote is not how a representative republic works. As long as focus is on popular vote that candidate will most likely lose. Campaign smart  develop a winning strategy. Democracy does not exist at the President and VP level. You cant have three wolves and two sheep deciding whats for dinner. More people need to understand our system and why it is as it is."]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","All I want to know is would you still be crying to do away with the electoral college if it had been the opposite?  Or are you just upset because your candidate didnt win so now you want to change the rules?"]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","Doesnt matter. Thats not how you are elected President. If that were the case  they would have campaigned in New York and California constantly."]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","Still complaining about YOUR candidate losing Communist News Network CNN. Welcome to reality  she was the worst presidential candidate in recent history! Lmao"]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","Notice that the news didnt cover that  more electors tried to defect from Hillary Clinton Monday than from Trump  by a count of eight to two. Three Democratic electors in Maine  Minnesota  and Colorado tried to vote for candidates other than Clinton. The electors votes  however  were disallowed because of state rules binding them to the statewide popular vote winner."]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","Is it really that hard to understand? You dont get that?nCome on now...nThe Electoral College was a system designed by the framers of the Constitution as a way to make sure that people who lived in lesspopulated rural areas didn have their voices silenced by those living in the more populated cities.nnIt also means that candidates are forced to campaign in states that might not get any attention if the election was based purely on the popular vote. As Donald Trump himself said in a tweet  he would have campaigned in states like California and New York if elections went off of just the overall vote totals. Instead  candidates are forced to campaign in  and listen to the people of  smaller  lesspopulated states like New Hampshire  Wisconsin  North Carolina  Colorado  Nevada  and so on.nnBoth parties know this. That why Barack Obama won his party nomination in   not Hillary Clinton. That why President Bush won the  election despite losing the popular vote.nnWe are not a Democracy we are a Constituional Republic and A Constitutional Republic is a state where the officials are elected as representatives of the people  and must govern according to existing constitutional law that limits the governments power over citizens. A Constitutional Republic is the current form of government in the United States.nnThe whole purpose of the electoral college is to prevent a few states with large populations from running the country. It gives every state more of an equal say.Tthats exactly the purpose  without it a few large Metropolitan areas would run the country. Between the New York and California alone One candidate head upwards of  million votes  therefore they  Those  States would decide who is in charge. Does anyone really think that would of been a good idea!"]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","Besides all of California voting for her  She has no one to blame but herself.  She thought she won a month before election night and was already acting like she was president! Trumpt campaigned har der than her...simple as that. It is over."]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","Why do we assume Hillary would have won if we used only the popular vote?  It would have been a very different campaign on both sides  with an outcome we will never know. So lets just stop this popular vote nonsense."]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","Its official: both candidates signed on for an electoral vote not a popular vote!"]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","uhhhh....still makes her a loosing presidential candidate.   Move on CNN  its over....   Fat lady singing...."]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","Yay  she won a game that no candidate was playing and expects a trophy. Cant say I am surprised."]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","Meaningless info. The candidates were not campaigning for most votes. They were campaigning for electoral collage votes."]
["campaigner, candidate, nominee","negative","Is this seriously a story? Is CNN celebrating the fact that loser Hillary had more votes than other losing candidates? CNN is pathetic"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Enough of the Clinton won the popular vote complaints.nnLook at the facts: http://cookpolitical.com/story/ final  certified tallynHillary Clinton:    Donald Trump:   nDifference =   nTrump had majority vote popular vote wins in  states  Clinton in just  states.nTake out California margin of    for Clinton and Trump wins the majority vote nationwide.nnSHOULD California run the rest of the nation?? THAT  my friends is the majesty and glory of the brilliant thinking of the founders.nnSWITCH the win/loss and would any of those calling for Electoral College destruction even be mentioning it?? NO.nnEnough Feel free to reuse these FACTS when Facebook friends attempt inane arguments about electoral college destructionnnBTW  this isnt an endorsement of Trump  just an endorsement of the Electoral process in this great nation."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","The Clinton News Network seems to be the proverbial broken record rehashing news that is long out of the news cycle to help heal their queen. But I suppose they have to live up to their fake news reputation and keep dragging this drivel through their news rooms. YOu would think that they would also mention that the entire popular vote margin occurred in one state  but then  that would just make this bit of news even more about nothing."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","To quote CNNs hero.....What difference  at this point  does it make? You dont like the electoral college...lobby to get it changed. But..I dont remember it being an issue when Obama got elected  TWICE...or with other Democratic Presidents elections. The popular vote doesnt have enough relevance to matter much  under this process...but Dems have benefited from it the same as the GOP. Its time to dry the tears  accept the reality and move on..."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","The level of the popular vote is relevant in determining how the nation must be governed. This was extremely close. If fewer than   people in three states had voted differently out of    total votes  there would have been a resoundingly different result. At the same time  its incumbent on the Democratic party to readopt Howard Deans state strategy. We need everyone in our vision of America."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Thats life and thats the way it was set up.  Maybe if the DNC didnt try to force HRC to be the next President  then things would have been different.  Nothing wrong coming in second.  Should me one person who before the election didnt want the EC and they wanted the popular vote.  No one did because they thought HRC would take all of the democratic states and she would win.  Wrong."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Oh give me a break.  Clinton won California by about  million votes  which is significantly more than her swamping Trump in the National total.  As The Donald said several times  she campaigned in the wrong states.  So in addition to her lying  getting away with security breaches that would hav eput any other person in federal prison  she also failed as a politician.  Get over it people"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","When will people understand seeking popular vote is not how a representative republic works. As long as focus is on popular vote that candidate will most likely lose. Campaign smart  develop a winning strategy. Democracy does not exist at the President and VP level. You cant have three wolves and two sheep deciding whats for dinner. More people need to understand our system and why it is as it is."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","How long are you people going to pursue this phantom?  The Democrats were just as interested in winning in the Electoral College as the Republicans.  They were scored under the same rules.  Saying that she won the popular vote is as meaningless as saying that a baseball team should have won because it got more hits or that a football team should have won because it got more rushing yards."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","False...... if we get rid of the electoral college that essentially means you dont give two shits about peoples vote other than California  Florida and NY ? Everyones voice needs to be heard it just in those  states !!!!!!!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","When you read this slowly out loud  and understand the words chosen to convey the message  either you believe the message  or you stop and contemplate the meaning of the words. We have a Governor in North Carolina we dont want because Charlotte and Assville filled the ballot box. Republicans swept North Carolina  yet we have a tax and spend liberal Democrat in the Governors house? Is it legit? Doubt it  but he got the popular vote. Crazy huh."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Well if the objective was to win the popular vote then presidential campaign strategies would be a lot different.  However  the objective is to win electoral votes.  Hilary failed to have an effective campaign strategy for such and the Trump camp did.  Hilary loses.  Trump wins.  Pretty simple.  End lesson."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","More people in a couple of huge urban areas...Cant imagine why those voters voted for Hillary. *eyeroll* This is a textbook case of why the electoral college works as intended."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Take away California and New York The two most liberal states and trump won by  million. Also give it time to see how many million votes were illegal. If you people would take a civics class you would understand why we have an electoral college. But no one wants to think logically. They are only thinking with feelings and not their brains."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Who cares since is not what determines the winner. California which is a dipshit state made the difference. The popular vote will never  I repeat never determine the winner. Get over it morons."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","There are   counties in the United States.nnTrump won   of them.nClinton won .nnThere are  counties in New York State.nnTrump won  of them.nClinton won .nnClinton won the popular vote by approx. . million votes.nnIn the  counties that encompass NYC  Bronx  Brooklyn  Manhattan  Richmond & Queens Clinton received well over  million more votes than Trump. Clinton only won  of these counties Trump won RichmondnnTherefore these  counties alone  more than accounted for Clinton winning the popular vote of the entire country.nnThese  counties comprise  square miles.nThe United States is comprised of     square miles.nnWhen you have a country that encompasses almost  million square miles of territory  it would be ludicrous to even suggest that the vote of those who inhabit a mere  square miles should dictate the outcome of a national election.nnLarge  densely populated Democrat cities NYC  Chicago  LA  etc don and shouldn speak for the rest of our country."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Hey.... if you take away m votes from Hillary  Trump would have won the popular vote. nnCant belive how moronic some people are... maybe if there were a few less morons voting then the result would have been different. nnIs a moron in California worth the same as a moron in Texas"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","People who vote for people like Hillary are the same people that think its OK for protesters to block traffic. Right until they block traffic when they are trying to get to the hospital. Then they have to response. Well you said it was ok. How do you like it know? Same thing with Hillary. How would you like it if she sold out America? Im not saying Trump wont. But she has already proven she will."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","All from California and New York  places Trump didnt campaign in because he knew democrats would win those huge liberal states with the popular vote like they have for decades. He campaigned to win the electoral vote as every president has before him. Educate yourselves before posting gibberish. NY and California dont dictate this countrys fate"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Take away the votes from Los Angeles and New York City and Donald Trump wins the popular vote by   votes. So two cities in America are responsible for Hillarys popular vote margin. That is why the electoral college system exists  to keep population centers from being able to determine the outcome of the election. Trump won over  counties while Hillary won  counties."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","They won the coastal States everywhere in between was red and we cannot allow just a couple of cities to determine what the rest of the country does very simple folks thats the reason we have an electoral college and didnt Hillary Clinton say for Donald Trump not to accept the electorial vote is an assault on our democracy yes she did"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","There is no national election  and the media such as CNN confuses people. There are  elections called by the governors in the states. Hillary won the popular plurality votes in only  states. PresidentElect Trump carried  states. New York City alone put Hillary over the top. Do you want NYC  or LA  or Chicago to dictate to the rest of us?"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","That number would diminish greatly if California were recounted and everyone knows it. How many illegals were allowed to vote?"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","So ! EVEN though there wont be another Run for Hillary other than President of AARP ! nShe can pass lessons learned  on to the upcoming Democratic Party ! If there is one !  To go for the states that offer the most    Electoral College Votes   Smart !"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Notice that the news didnt cover that  more electors tried to defect from Hillary Clinton Monday than from Trump  by a count of eight to two. Three Democratic electors in Maine  Minnesota  and Colorado tried to vote for candidates other than Clinton. The electors votes  however  were disallowed because of state rules binding them to the statewide popular vote winner."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Stop the nonsense. The major  difference in votes came from California. And I dont think the Clinton camp would ever want a recount done for that state."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Is it really that hard to understand? You dont get that?nCome on now...nThe Electoral College was a system designed by the framers of the Constitution as a way to make sure that people who lived in lesspopulated rural areas didn have their voices silenced by those living in the more populated cities.nnIt also means that candidates are forced to campaign in states that might not get any attention if the election was based purely on the popular vote. As Donald Trump himself said in a tweet  he would have campaigned in states like California and New York if elections went off of just the overall vote totals. Instead  candidates are forced to campaign in  and listen to the people of  smaller  lesspopulated states like New Hampshire  Wisconsin  North Carolina  Colorado  Nevada  and so on.nnBoth parties know this. That why Barack Obama won his party nomination in   not Hillary Clinton. That why President Bush won the  election despite losing the popular vote.nnWe are not a Democracy we are a Constituional Republic and A Constitutional Republic is a state where the officials are elected as representatives of the people  and must govern according to existing constitutional law that limits the governments power over citizens. A Constitutional Republic is the current form of government in the United States.nnThe whole purpose of the electoral college is to prevent a few states with large populations from running the country. It gives every state more of an equal say.Tthats exactly the purpose  without it a few large Metropolitan areas would run the country. Between the New York and California alone One candidate head upwards of  million votes  therefore they  Those  States would decide who is in charge. Does anyone really think that would of been a good idea!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","take away california she loses by over  million votes and its is the EXACT reason the electoral college is in place. She only won less then  counties across the country she just won the most populated ones again why the electoral college exists so everyone vote matters not just the most populated areas"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","Not every vote counts   million people should have stayed homeon election day. If you want to keep promoting democracy  then make every vote count in future elections or be prepared to explain how the new democracy cant find voters!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","I still dont see the benefit of the electoral college. Majority vote should select the president. We still have senators and congressmen from each state. So there is representation of the states. nnThe question here is who has more say in politics  the states or the voters?"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Gee  that sure is a lot of losers.  How many were illegal aliens who voted in states that have lax voter ID laws?  Lets just start with California."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Besides all of California voting for her  She has no one to blame but herself.  She thought she won a month before election night and was already acting like she was president! Trumpt campaigned har der than her...simple as that. It is over."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","But no one cares. Your news organization blasts trump about why does he continue to comment on winning. Better question why do you idiots continue to talley the popular vote and constantly talk about it. Id hope that at some point you all would figure out the popular vote doesnt matter."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Why do we assume Hillary would have won if we used only the popular vote?  It would have been a very different campaign on both sides  with an outcome we will never know. So lets just stop this popular vote nonsense."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","So she won the popular vote. California is the only reason. Take California away and she lost the popular vote. Trump won  more counties than she did. In fact she only won what  counties. You cant possibly believe we would let California select our president every four years."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","President Trump! Cant wait til Jan thnHow do we know this is true so much fake news CNN puts out? We cant believe anything media says anymore.  If you take out illegals and dead people that vote Hillary wouldve been close."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Of course!!! When you factor in dead people  and Jill Steins votes!! She lost because nobody trusted her neoconservative policies  she cheated in the primary  and general   and she definitely was not a prograssive like Bernie Sanders!! End of Story!!!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Technically theres no such thing as a popular vote. There are  state elections  and like sets in tennis  you have to win a majority of them to win the match. It doesnt matter if Trump loses  sets  and wins  sets . He may have lost more games popular vote  but he won the most sets state elections therefore Trump is the winner."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Its Official: Clinton lost and we all know where her  million advantage came from. She also lost more electoral votes to faithless electors than any president in over a hundred years. On the day before the election she was given a % chance by you and the rest of the hapless Liberal Media of a crushing landslide over Trump. So  had did that go?"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Yeah what they are not telling people is that those votes mostly came from one state  California.  You cannot let a few over populated cities decide for the whole nation."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","If it was not for California in which corruption is rampant  she would have lost CA as well. CA gave her more than  million fraudulent ballots."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","She lost. Her campaign lost. Educated persons know that winning the Electoral Vote is how to win the Presidential Election. Trump won the Electoral Vote and he is the next President of the United States of America."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Whats funny is that Trump would have won the popular vote too... He just would have ran a much different campaign. Fortunately  its not the popular vote that counts  its the Electoral votes. nnStrategery lol."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","and if you deduct all the dead  illegal  and nonexistent voters  she loses by many millions. They just underestimated the number of fake votes needed  and got caught doing it."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","CNN dont get that the popular vote does not matter  either that or they still need crying tissues! Meanwhile there is real news to get out there  oops it dont matter to CNN!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Take out CA and Trump would have won popular vote. Thats why we have an electoral college system  so our presidents arent elected by  states  although  you lefties would like that wouldnt you? I mean  who cares what AR  MS  TN  KY  NC  MN  MT.....etc"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","more proof of gerrymandering. The map of counties in red and blue shows the mathematics of it. The votes by county are in the realm of probability but not naturally possible. Someone moved the groups after the  census to favor Republicans in the electoral college. Consultants were hired to help restructure the voting districts but no one was hired or no judicial branch was used to check their restructuring. Done on trust unfortunately. American public has every right to scream at the top of its lungs for such violation of the voting system. This time it was local officials who did it by one to two percent. Not enough to get noticed but district after district accumulates resulting in one party winning the electoral college and the other party winning the popular vote.  Gerrymandering is illegal.  It will not happen again.  http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/gopgerrymanderingcreatesuphillfightdemshouse/"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Or she stole more votes? We not going to talk about how she stuff ballots in Detroit?"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Yeah but if you dont count the people who voted for Hillary  Trump won by  million votes!! HistoricLandslide"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Really doesnt matter.... the entire campaign is planned on winning the electoral vote."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Let me explain for all you snowflakes why the electoral college exists. Hillary won the electoral vote by .m votes. She won California by m votes. Need I say more?"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","If she woukd have won the electoral and he got the popular vote  the electoral process would be so great to these cry baby liberals."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","I really dont understand why we vote then. Im not voting next time if its still like this. This system is archaic."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Its official: both candidates signed on for an electoral vote not a popular vote!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Not if you dont count the illegals and the deads votes!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","The game is Win the electoral college  not win the popular vote."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","Americans: know that the rest of the world cannot understand how a so called democracy does not elects its President by popular vote "]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Take out California and she lost the popular vote too. Numbers dont lie."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Take out California and Trump won the popular vote! Can we just move on!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Yeah right! Only because of California! Otherwise Trump won popular vote!!! CNN sucks! Terrible news source!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Millions of illegals voting will do that for you...... so will dead people voting !"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","We cant trust in CNN anymore nWhy vote if my vote doesnt count? I would never vote again."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","You got the most votes  just not the right ones. Democracy?"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Its not the yards that count its the points on the board. Yards = pop. vote Points = Electoral Votes."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Its official:  Clinton lost to Trump in the only vote that counts."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","Too many votes wasted thats not democracy no wonder why people do not want to vote this country need the popular vote to count every single vote and can be fair to every single American"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","I really wish every vote would count.     This country needs a chance"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","If the American peoples vote really mattered Hillary Clinton would be President. Next time i wont vote. Cause my vote doesnt matter."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","Which mean he has no mandate. More people voted against him and his policies."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","So what ? Thats not how we won. If it were about popular vote we would have worked harder in the big cities. Which is what the electoral is for  to give small town USA a voice."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","I will never vote again because my phone do not count I am not going to waste my time again in voting"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Meaningless info. The candidates were not campaigning for most votes. They were campaigning for electoral collage votes."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Is this seriously a story? Is CNN celebrating the fact that loser Hillary had more votes than other losing candidates? CNN is pathetic"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Its obvious you want states with bigger populations. If we win by the popular vote a person can win only winning three big States"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Take CA and NY results out and Trump wins popular vote in a land slide... There is a reason for the elector college.."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Not when you count the fact that upwards of  million illegal aliens voted. CNN at it again with the fake news stories."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","Then why doesnt it count? So frustrating! I think the person with the most votes should win  just like in everything else."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Take away Texas and Trump doesnt make  electoral votes. Your logic is dumb."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","That proves that our votes dont count so why we vote its a waste of our time"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","Why vote if its not going to count! This situation is dumb! Trump is the lier the cheat   the fake  he sure fooled his white extremist hill billies!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","So this pretty much just stated that the peoples vote has never had and standing for in Washingtons minutes rigged system"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","You forgot that the popular vote is irrelavent... and that Trump is going to drain the swamp!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","But... popular vote is not how this country works. With some good reasons..."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","Its official  our votes dont mean anything.  Such a shame."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Trump wasnt LOOKING for the Popular Vote.  We are not a pure democracy. WE ARE A REPUBLIC!"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","She has won more than . million votes from California."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","popular vote is California  texas and new york that does not reflect the views of the rest of the nation also bigest crime areas"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","The only thing is election did is that people will not want to vote again. Because it did not matter."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","take away all the illegals who voted  and  the story changes  ."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","I bet she won the popular vote because of all the illegals and dead people that ended up voting for her."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","She lost the important vote. The popular vote is not anything we have ever gone off of. nnThere is a reason we have it  and this is clearly an example why."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","If we took LA County  and New York City out of the popular vote Trump would have won it by over  million votes. Proof that the electoral college works. I will NEVER have New York and California decide our president election after election.  The system works like it was supposed to.  Both campaigns base winning on the electoral college not the popular vote.  getoverit moveon youlost"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Take out the dead votes and the illegals and she would have lost the popular vote too."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","winning the Popular vote is like having  Kings in a hand of Blackjack....."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","Why are we voting at all  only  votes are all that count. None of our votes made any difference. This is a joke  the two party system is to make us think we have a choice and divide us in hate of each party  all the while the bankers are setting the odds  rigging the game their way  If we want to prove we are free we must ask WHY DO OUR VOTES NOT ELECT A WINNER  the answer and the result will prove it was already a done deal before we even voted."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","She only won the popular vote because off California"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","You all act like the popular vote is important......"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","Just a prime example of how our vote doesnt matter"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","In one state is how she won popular vote no one in other states care for her"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Take away the  million illegals that voted and . . ."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","SHE LOST.  She did carry the illegal vote in California."]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","Her popular vote just came from one state California .is NT it ?"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","negative","there probably wasnt enough russian hackers voting in california"]
["mil, mil vote, VOTE, vote, voting, ballot, balloting","positive","HEY  GUYS  FROM THE POST OF CNN NEWS  THIS HAS GOT TO BE  THE MOST BACKWARD ELECTION IN HISTORY  WERE OUR VOTES  OUR VOICES  WERE NOT HEARD  THE MIGHT  HAS WELL GIVEN THE ELECTION TO THIS CRIMINAL  AND THIS IS THE FIRST  THAT THE REPUBLICAN TEA CLUB  HAS ONCE AGAIN  ARE RUNNING THE COUNTRY  WHAT ASHAME ON THEM  AND WHAT AN EMBARRASSMENT ON THIS NATION  WE ARE SITTING DUCK TO THE WORLD  STAY STRONG AMERICA!!!!!"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Trump won  counties out of  total counties in the entire U.S.  Clinton only won  counties.  The six largest counties are Los Angeles and the  boroughs of New York . Big deal she won  big cities.  CNN you really think  cities should decide the President for the entire country?"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Enough of the Clinton won the popular vote complaints.nnLook at the facts: http://cookpolitical.com/story/ final  certified tallynHillary Clinton:    Donald Trump:   nDifference =   nTrump had majority vote popular vote wins in  states  Clinton in just  states.nTake out California margin of    for Clinton and Trump wins the majority vote nationwide.nnSHOULD California run the rest of the nation?? THAT  my friends is the majesty and glory of the brilliant thinking of the founders.nnSWITCH the win/loss and would any of those calling for Electoral College destruction even be mentioning it?? NO.nnEnough Feel free to reuse these FACTS when Facebook friends attempt inane arguments about electoral college destructionnnBTW  this isnt an endorsement of Trump  just an endorsement of the Electoral process in this great nation."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","The Clinton News Network seems to be the proverbial broken record rehashing news that is long out of the news cycle to help heal their queen. But I suppose they have to live up to their fake news reputation and keep dragging this drivel through their news rooms. YOu would think that they would also mention that the entire popular vote margin occurred in one state  but then  that would just make this bit of news even more about nothing."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","We are NOT a full on Democracy as Hillary Clinton  the butcher of Benghazi would like you to believe. We are STILL a Constitutional Republic  although shreds of what Ben Franklin intended. She is the exact reason the founders put the Electoral College in place. Without it  New York  Chicago  and California would have decided for the whole country."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","positive","Graham Brian P Trump can now make up rules without congress through all of the executive agencies that affect every aspect of your life. Let that sink in for a bit. Horrifying right? Now you know how everyone else felt for the last few years under Obama and would have felt under Clinton. You do your craziness to you  I keep mine to me. We all get along much better. Simple concept. Nothing you want needs to be done nationally really. Lets bring government back to the local level."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Oh give me a break.  Clinton won California by about  million votes  which is significantly more than her swamping Trump in the National total.  As The Donald said several times  she campaigned in the wrong states.  So in addition to her lying  getting away with security breaches that would hav eput any other person in federal prison  she also failed as a politician.  Get over it people"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","So what. She lost the election. Without California she is paralyzed. The POTUS cannot be chosen by one or two states. The founding fathers had profound wisdom when they chose the electoral system. Nobody would be doing such extensive postmortem if it was the other way  around and Hillary had won. Time to get behind the president elect. It is becoming ridiculous now."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","More people in a couple of huge urban areas...Cant imagine why those voters voted for Hillary. *eyeroll* This is a textbook case of why the electoral college works as intended."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","she lost get over yourself  Clinton  News  Network  CNN  be we elect  our presdent  with the Electoral  College the election  is over Trump  won  DEAL WITH  IT AND GROW  UP  AND PLEASE  LETS MOVE ON NOTHING  TO  SEE HERE CNN."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","There are   counties in the United States.nnTrump won   of them.nClinton won .nnThere are  counties in New York State.nnTrump won  of them.nClinton won .nnClinton won the popular vote by approx. . million votes.nnIn the  counties that encompass NYC  Bronx  Brooklyn  Manhattan  Richmond & Queens Clinton received well over  million more votes than Trump. Clinton only won  of these counties Trump won RichmondnnTherefore these  counties alone  more than accounted for Clinton winning the popular vote of the entire country.nnThese  counties comprise  square miles.nThe United States is comprised of     square miles.nnWhen you have a country that encompasses almost  million square miles of territory  it would be ludicrous to even suggest that the vote of those who inhabit a mere  square miles should dictate the outcome of a national election.nnLarge  densely populated Democrat cities NYC  Chicago  LA  etc don and shouldn speak for the rest of our country."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Hey.... if you take away m votes from Hillary  Trump would have won the popular vote. nnCant belive how moronic some people are... maybe if there were a few less morons voting then the result would have been different. nnIs a moron in California worth the same as a moron in Texas"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","People who vote for people like Hillary are the same people that think its OK for protesters to block traffic. Right until they block traffic when they are trying to get to the hospital. Then they have to response. Well you said it was ok. How do you like it know? Same thing with Hillary. How would you like it if she sold out America? Im not saying Trump wont. But she has already proven she will."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Take away the votes from Los Angeles and New York City and Donald Trump wins the popular vote by   votes. So two cities in America are responsible for Hillarys popular vote margin. That is why the electoral college system exists  to keep population centers from being able to determine the outcome of the election. Trump won over  counties while Hillary won  counties."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","They won the coastal States everywhere in between was red and we cannot allow just a couple of cities to determine what the rest of the country does very simple folks thats the reason we have an electoral college and didnt Hillary Clinton say for Donald Trump not to accept the electorial vote is an assault on our democracy yes she did"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","There is no national election  and the media such as CNN confuses people. There are  elections called by the governors in the states. Hillary won the popular plurality votes in only  states. PresidentElect Trump carried  states. New York City alone put Hillary over the top. Do you want NYC  or LA  or Chicago to dictate to the rest of us?"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Give it a rest CNN. I know youre the Clinton News Network but she lost. Get over it and move on already. With all the race baiting  misleading headlines  fear mongering and political bias CNN has become a joke."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","So ! EVEN though there wont be another Run for Hillary other than President of AARP ! nShe can pass lessons learned  on to the upcoming Democratic Party ! If there is one !  To go for the states that offer the most    Electoral College Votes   Smart !"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Notice that the news didnt cover that  more electors tried to defect from Hillary Clinton Monday than from Trump  by a count of eight to two. Three Democratic electors in Maine  Minnesota  and Colorado tried to vote for candidates other than Clinton. The electors votes  however  were disallowed because of state rules binding them to the statewide popular vote winner."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Stop the nonsense. The major  difference in votes came from California. And I dont think the Clinton camp would ever want a recount done for that state."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Is it really that hard to understand? You dont get that?nCome on now...nThe Electoral College was a system designed by the framers of the Constitution as a way to make sure that people who lived in lesspopulated rural areas didn have their voices silenced by those living in the more populated cities.nnIt also means that candidates are forced to campaign in states that might not get any attention if the election was based purely on the popular vote. As Donald Trump himself said in a tweet  he would have campaigned in states like California and New York if elections went off of just the overall vote totals. Instead  candidates are forced to campaign in  and listen to the people of  smaller  lesspopulated states like New Hampshire  Wisconsin  North Carolina  Colorado  Nevada  and so on.nnBoth parties know this. That why Barack Obama won his party nomination in   not Hillary Clinton. That why President Bush won the  election despite losing the popular vote.nnWe are not a Democracy we are a Constituional Republic and A Constitutional Republic is a state where the officials are elected as representatives of the people  and must govern according to existing constitutional law that limits the governments power over citizens. A Constitutional Republic is the current form of government in the United States.nnThe whole purpose of the electoral college is to prevent a few states with large populations from running the country. It gives every state more of an equal say.Tthats exactly the purpose  without it a few large Metropolitan areas would run the country. Between the New York and California alone One candidate head upwards of  million votes  therefore they  Those  States would decide who is in charge. Does anyone really think that would of been a good idea!"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Why do we assume Hillary would have won if we used only the popular vote?  It would have been a very different campaign on both sides  with an outcome we will never know. So lets just stop this popular vote nonsense."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","President Trump! Cant wait til Jan thnHow do we know this is true so much fake news CNN puts out? We cant believe anything media says anymore.  If you take out illegals and dead people that vote Hillary wouldve been close."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Its Official: Clinton lost and we all know where her  million advantage came from. She also lost more electoral votes to faithless electors than any president in over a hundred years. On the day before the election she was given a % chance by you and the rest of the hapless Liberal Media of a crushing landslide over Trump. So  had did that go?"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","This coming from CNN Clinton News Network... She is a sorry excuse for an American and I am proud that TRUMP will be president  not her!"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Foolish example of thrown away money. All the ads  debates and so on show millions that democrats flushed down the drain. Anyone but Clinton won."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Yeah but if you dont count the people who voted for Hillary  Trump won by  million votes!! HistoricLandslide"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Let me explain for all you snowflakes why the electoral college exists. Hillary won the electoral vote by .m votes. She won California by m votes. Need I say more?"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Its official CNN doesnt know what kind of govt Hillary Clinton tried to get elected to..."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","I am a Hillary supporter but I still think the Electoral College should stay."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","CNN Get over it He won and she lost again. . After three tries and three defeats she should stop making a fool of herself and slink back under her slimy rock .Good riddance Hillary you ruthless witch.!Nancy Garrison."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Who can believe CNN Clinton News Network. It as she is a loser."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Its official:  Clinton lost to Trump in the only vote that counts."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","No matter how many times you bring this up CNN Hillary Clinton still lost  times...."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","CNN Clinton News Network perpetually not being able to get over it. Reporting proves it."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","positive","If the American peoples vote really mattered Hillary Clinton would be President. Next time i wont vote. Cause my vote doesnt matter."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Is this seriously a story? Is CNN celebrating the fact that loser Hillary had more votes than other losing candidates? CNN is pathetic"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Who cares about Hillary she is done and so are the democrats. So happy"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Who cares......      How many counties did Trump win and then Clinton win.......   Come on its over people"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Maynor Vega is with her even more now. Look at Hillarys Maynor face. Cameron Cohen Jeremy Harrison Alexander Diaz Derek MacLean"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","This is why we need to get rid of fake news like CNN move on this doesnt matter Trump is our next president the Clinton news network is dead."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Make    President of   CNN   Trump is on the way  to  crush CNN Now   time  to send   Hillary  to middle  east and   Saudi  so that  the  can have fun  everyday."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","she still lost. Clinton News Network when will you learn. She lost"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","But she still lost  just take the L Hillary and your supporters and stfu already lol"]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","Get over it Hillary.  Move On. Maybe learn to golf with Obama."]
["Hilary Rodham Clinton, Hillary, Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Hilary Clinton","negative","This why we need to get rid of Clinton News Network."]
["America, U.S., U.S.A., US, USA, United States, United States of America, america, the States","negative","How can America call itself a democracy and allow a tragic debacle such as this to take place? We are now stuck with this vile orange monster completely and dangerously unqualified to lead our nation."]
["America, U.S., U.S.A., US, USA, United States, United States of America, america, the States","negative","So it only prove that the white rich people had their way...down hill from now own for wicked America"]
["America, U.S., U.S.A., US, USA, United States, United States of America, america, the States","negative","The states in america all had a say. Hints Unites states of America. Not the coasts of america"]
["cnn","negative","CNN calls itself a news organization  and the people who work there dont realize that our country is a Constitutional Republic  not a Democracy. This has been in place for  years. nHRC didnt know that when she ran??"]
["cnn","negative","Does it change anything CNN? you guys should focus on other important matters and stop tarnishing you incoming presidents name... Your journalists can do better news reporting and leave this petty slandering for the small boys"]
["cnn","negative","Also official  CNN  it doesnt matter anymore  so stop bringing it up."]
["cnn","negative","Old news. CNN  yes we do know she was your pick.  Please stop crying publicly and hide your bias better."]
["cnn","negative","GIVE UP CNN!!!!! Move on!!! TRUMP will be the th President."]
["cnn","negative","OMG! CNN has just maid Heelory President! I get my Free Tacos now!"]
["cnn","negative","CNN staff are fools to publish stories about irrelevant information. Pandering to the ignorant!"]
["cnn","negative","LOL  talk about trying to invent a silver lining.  This is comical even by CNNs low standards."]
["cnn","negative","CNN guess what  no one cares... find some better news you SUCK!!!"]
["cnn","negative","Cnn please give it up get back to the news  been on BBC to get mine people should try it"]
["cnn","negative","CNN is  noted for each year picking a person or topic and just beating it into the ground.  ENOUGH ALREADY. We need to come together and stop this division in our country. CNN you are NOT helping the situation one bit.  years from now mark my word CNN will still be blowing its own horn over this election.  CNN should be banned from the airways."]
["cnn","negative","Lol... CNN and the Radical Leftists just wont give up ."]
["cnn","negative","Based on the above CNN statement  HRC is the biggest loser. Dang..."]
["cnn","negative","Can someone let CNN know the election is over & they lost? Thanks."]
["cnn","negative","Hummm. CNN. Dont believe a word of it. Just sayin. By the way. Who cares??"]
["cnn","negative","When the CNN will be shut down? : everyone wonder :"]
["cnn","negative","This kind of reporting is why CNN is no longer relevant."]
["affair, matter, thing","negative","Does it change anything CNN? you guys should focus on other important matters and stop tarnishing you incoming presidents name... Your journalists can do better news reporting and leave this petty slandering for the small boys"]
["affair, matter, thing","negative","Also official  CNN  it doesnt matter anymore  so stop bringing it up."]
["affair, matter, thing","negative","Oh well doesnt matter  she isnt POTUS! This is a great example of ballet box stuffing"]
["affair, matter, thing","negative","There is no second place. She lost it doesnt matter how you slice it."]
["affair, matter, thing","negative","Jeez  dont you think its high time you got over it? Its been almost  months since the presidential election and you are still whining about it. Whats done is done.. There are more pressing matters around the globe than this frikkin election."]
["functionary, official","negative","Hey NYDN Its official....Trump is our th President. They same guy you mocked and called a clown. He gets the last laugh on an irrelevant dwindling newspaper."]
["functionary, official","negative","Also official  CNN  it doesnt matter anymore  so stop bringing it up."]
["functionary, official","negative","Its official Hitlary is still a lying thieving deuche bag. Its also official she lost her bid for president not once but FOUR times. Its also official the TRUMPTRAIN cometh. Get out your booties you little delicate snowflakes its gonna get cold in the gulag for you."]
["elector, voter","negative","The Clinton News Network seems to be the proverbial broken record rehashing news that is long out of the news cycle to help heal their queen. But I suppose they have to live up to their fake news reputation and keep dragging this drivel through their news rooms. YOu would think that they would also mention that the entire popular vote margin occurred in one state  but then  that would just make this bit of news even more about nothing."]
["elector, voter","positive","The level of the popular vote is relevant in determining how the nation must be governed. This was extremely close. If fewer than   people in three states had voted differently out of    total votes  there would have been a resoundingly different result. At the same time  its incumbent on the Democratic party to readopt Howard Deans state strategy. We need everyone in our vision of America."]
["elector, voter","negative","Thats life and thats the way it was set up.  Maybe if the DNC didnt try to force HRC to be the next President  then things would have been different.  Nothing wrong coming in second.  Should me one person who before the election didnt want the EC and they wanted the popular vote.  No one did because they thought HRC would take all of the democratic states and she would win.  Wrong."]
["elector, voter","negative","When you read this slowly out loud  and understand the words chosen to convey the message  either you believe the message  or you stop and contemplate the meaning of the words. We have a Governor in North Carolina we dont want because Charlotte and Assville filled the ballot box. Republicans swept North Carolina  yet we have a tax and spend liberal Democrat in the Governors house? Is it legit? Doubt it  but he got the popular vote. Crazy huh."]
["elector, voter","negative","More people in a couple of huge urban areas...Cant imagine why those voters voted for Hillary. *eyeroll* This is a textbook case of why the electoral college works as intended."]
["elector, voter","negative","Who cares since is not what determines the winner. California which is a dipshit state made the difference. The popular vote will never  I repeat never determine the winner. Get over it morons."]
["elector, voter","negative","Im so glad our founding father created the electoral college . They were so unbelievably intelligent . nThe whole purpose for the electors is to keep the country from being run buy California and New York"]
["elector, voter","negative","Hey.... if you take away m votes from Hillary  Trump would have won the popular vote. nnCant belive how moronic some people are... maybe if there were a few less morons voting then the result would have been different. nnIs a moron in California worth the same as a moron in Texas"]
["elector, voter","negative","People who vote for people like Hillary are the same people that think its OK for protesters to block traffic. Right until they block traffic when they are trying to get to the hospital. Then they have to response. Well you said it was ok. How do you like it know? Same thing with Hillary. How would you like it if she sold out America? Im not saying Trump wont. But she has already proven she will."]
["elector, voter","positive","Thats right  he is the president of the minority  a small minded man for the smallest number of voters. Proud to be part of the majority. Were watching you  Trump."]
["elector, voter","negative","That number would diminish greatly if California were recounted and everyone knows it. How many illegals were allowed to vote?"]
["elector, voter","negative","Notice that the news didnt cover that  more electors tried to defect from Hillary Clinton Monday than from Trump  by a count of eight to two. Three Democratic electors in Maine  Minnesota  and Colorado tried to vote for candidates other than Clinton. The electors votes  however  were disallowed because of state rules binding them to the statewide popular vote winner."]
["elector, voter","negative","Stop the nonsense. The major  difference in votes came from California. And I dont think the Clinton camp would ever want a recount done for that state."]
["elector, voter","positive","Not every vote counts   million people should have stayed homeon election day. If you want to keep promoting democracy  then make every vote count in future elections or be prepared to explain how the new democracy cant find voters!"]
["elector, voter","positive","I still dont see the benefit of the electoral college. Majority vote should select the president. We still have senators and congressmen from each state. So there is representation of the states. nnThe question here is who has more say in politics  the states or the voters?"]
["elector, voter","negative","Gee  that sure is a lot of losers.  How many were illegal aliens who voted in states that have lax voter ID laws?  Lets just start with California."]
["elector, voter","negative","But no one cares. Your news organization blasts trump about why does he continue to comment on winning. Better question why do you idiots continue to talley the popular vote and constantly talk about it. Id hope that at some point you all would figure out the popular vote doesnt matter."]
["elector, voter","negative","President Trump! Cant wait til Jan thnHow do we know this is true so much fake news CNN puts out? We cant believe anything media says anymore.  If you take out illegals and dead people that vote Hillary wouldve been close."]
["elector, voter","negative","Of course!!! When you factor in dead people  and Jill Steins votes!! She lost because nobody trusted her neoconservative policies  she cheated in the primary  and general   and she definitely was not a prograssive like Bernie Sanders!! End of Story!!!"]
["elector, voter","negative","Technically theres no such thing as a popular vote. There are  state elections  and like sets in tennis  you have to win a majority of them to win the match. It doesnt matter if Trump loses  sets  and wins  sets . He may have lost more games popular vote  but he won the most sets state elections therefore Trump is the winner."]
["elector, voter","negative","Its Official: Clinton lost and we all know where her  million advantage came from. She also lost more electoral votes to faithless electors than any president in over a hundred years. On the day before the election she was given a % chance by you and the rest of the hapless Liberal Media of a crushing landslide over Trump. So  had did that go?"]
["elector, voter","negative","Yeah what they are not telling people is that those votes mostly came from one state  California.  You cannot let a few over populated cities decide for the whole nation."]
["elector, voter","positive","We officially elected a racist  bigoted  pathological liar  morally corrupt  dangerous demagogue  con man for president! Great job America!! "]
["elector, voter","negative","and if you deduct all the dead  illegal  and nonexistent voters  she loses by many millions. They just underestimated the number of fake votes needed  and got caught doing it."]
["elector, voter","negative","CNN dont get that the popular vote does not matter  either that or they still need crying tissues! Meanwhile there is real news to get out there  oops it dont matter to CNN!"]
["elector, voter","negative","Or she stole more votes? We not going to talk about how she stuff ballots in Detroit?"]
["elector, voter","negative","Its official CNN doesnt know what kind of govt Hillary Clinton tried to get elected to..."]
["elector, voter","positive","I really dont understand why we vote then. Im not voting next time if its still like this. This system is archaic."]
["elector, voter","positive","Americans: know that the rest of the world cannot understand how a so called democracy does not elects its President by popular vote "]
["elector, voter","negative","Take out California and she lost the popular vote too. Numbers dont lie."]
["elector, voter","negative","Take out California and Trump won the popular vote! Can we just move on!"]
["elector, voter","negative","Yeah right! Only because of California! Otherwise Trump won popular vote!!! CNN sucks! Terrible news source!"]
["elector, voter","negative","Millions of illegals voting will do that for you...... so will dead people voting !"]
["elector, voter","negative","You got the most votes  just not the right ones. Democracy?"]
["elector, voter","positive","If the American peoples vote really mattered Hillary Clinton would be President. Next time i wont vote. Cause my vote doesnt matter."]
["elector, voter","positive","Which mean he has no mandate. More people voted against him and his policies."]
["elector, voter","negative","Its obvious you want states with bigger populations. If we win by the popular vote a person can win only winning three big States"]
["elector, voter","negative","Take CA and NY results out and Trump wins popular vote in a land slide... There is a reason for the elector college.."]
["elector, voter","negative","And she also had the largest amount of faithless electors in history."]
["elector, voter","positive","So this pretty much just stated that the peoples vote has never had and standing for in Washingtons minutes rigged system"]
["elector, voter","negative","You forgot that the popular vote is irrelavent... and that Trump is going to drain the swamp!"]
["elector, voter","negative","But... popular vote is not how this country works. With some good reasons..."]
["elector, voter","positive","Its official  our votes dont mean anything.  Such a shame."]
["elector, voter","negative","Trump wasnt LOOKING for the Popular Vote.  We are not a pure democracy. WE ARE A REPUBLIC!"]
["elector, voter","negative","She has won more than . million votes from California."]
["elector, voter","negative","popular vote is California  texas and new york that does not reflect the views of the rest of the nation also bigest crime areas"]
["elector, voter","positive","The only thing is election did is that people will not want to vote again. Because it did not matter."]
["elector, voter","negative","take away all the illegals who voted  and  the story changes  ."]
["elector, voter","negative","I bet she won the popular vote because of all the illegals and dead people that ended up voting for her."]
["elector, voter","negative","She lost the important vote. The popular vote is not anything we have ever gone off of. nnThere is a reason we have it  and this is clearly an example why."]
["elector, voter","negative","Take out the dead votes and the illegals and she would have lost the popular vote too."]
["elector, voter","negative","winning the Popular vote is like having  Kings in a hand of Blackjack....."]
["elector, voter","negative","She only won the popular vote because off California"]
["elector, voter","negative","You all act like the popular vote is important......"]
["elector, voter","positive","Just a prime example of how our vote doesnt matter"]
["elector, voter","negative","In one state is how she won popular vote no one in other states care for her"]
["elector, voter","negative","Take away the  million illegals that voted and . . ."]
["elector, voter","negative","SHE LOST.  She did carry the illegal vote in California."]
["elector, voter","negative","Her popular vote just came from one state California .is NT it ?"]
["elector, voter","negative","there probably wasnt enough russian hackers voting in california"]
["US, US history, history","negative","How many states did she win? Not when she won in California. She is not electable. CNN campaign is over you should by now close shop and let credible and unbiased media give us news.DT has exposed your biased reporting and your news should be double checked."]
["US, US history, history","negative","There is no national election  and the media such as CNN confuses people. There are  elections called by the governors in the states. Hillary won the popular plurality votes in only  states. PresidentElect Trump carried  states. New York City alone put Hillary over the top. Do you want NYC  or LA  or Chicago to dictate to the rest of us?"]
["US, US history, history","negative","Still complaining about YOUR candidate losing Communist News Network CNN. Welcome to reality  she was the worst presidential candidate in recent history! Lmao"]
["US, US history, history","positive","So  sad for her.  I think she might have really made America great.  Now  we can only hold our breaths and hope Trump doesnt get us into nuclear war before he is president  months."]
["US, US history, history","negative","The history dont lie  went the people is being ignored is very hard to run a Country!! The answer is the people is the goverment= the people. Otherwise wise is a faitk system..."]
["US, US history, history","negative","CNN should stop crying everyday about this........ she lost the election and that it is... ... trump is the next president get that to ur block head .. .... pls give us next chapter   tired of hearing the same story"]
["US, US history, history","negative","Lets keep praying : The Prayer of Jabez : Heavenly Creator  Loving Parent  Almighty  Bless the USA indeed. Increase our territory for You. Keep Your Hand on US. Keep US from evil  and please keep evil far away from US. Help US to do no harm. Please Bless Donald Trump indeed. Increase Donald Trumps territory for You. Keep Your Hand on Donald Trump. Keep him from evil  and please keep evil far away from him. Help him to do no harm. nnLets Keep On Trumping!"]
["US, US history, history","negative","Mr. Trump is the biggest electoral college winner in a hundred year history of the United States of America."]
["US, US history, history","negative","Christ  yall still going on about this? Is there any other news CNN wants to tell us about ffs?"]
["US, US history, history","negative","And she also had the largest amount of faithless electors in history."]
["US, US history, history","negative","Biggest landslide win in American history  just as I predicted...not the outcome I expected though..."]
["US, US history, history","negative","Thank god for the Electoral College.  Saved us from that psychopath!!!"]
["US, US history, history","positive","Why are we voting at all  only  votes are all that count. None of our votes made any difference. This is a joke  the two party system is to make us think we have a choice and divide us in hate of each party  all the while the bankers are setting the odds  rigging the game their way  If we want to prove we are free we must ask WHY DO OUR VOTES NOT ELECT A WINNER  the answer and the result will prove it was already a done deal before we even voted."]
["US, US history, history","positive","HEY  GUYS  FROM THE POST OF CNN NEWS  THIS HAS GOT TO BE  THE MOST BACKWARD ELECTION IN HISTORY  WERE OUR VOTES  OUR VOICES  WERE NOT HEARD  THE MIGHT  HAS WELL GIVEN THE ELECTION TO THIS CRIMINAL  AND THIS IS THE FIRST  THAT THE REPUBLICAN TEA CLUB  HAS ONCE AGAIN  ARE RUNNING THE COUNTRY  WHAT ASHAME ON THEM  AND WHAT AN EMBARRASSMENT ON THIS NATION  WE ARE SITTING DUCK TO THE WORLD  STAY STRONG AMERICA!!!!!"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Enough of the Clinton won the popular vote complaints.nnLook at the facts: http://cookpolitical.com/story/ final  certified tallynHillary Clinton:    Donald Trump:   nDifference =   nTrump had majority vote popular vote wins in  states  Clinton in just  states.nTake out California margin of    for Clinton and Trump wins the majority vote nationwide.nnSHOULD California run the rest of the nation?? THAT  my friends is the majesty and glory of the brilliant thinking of the founders.nnSWITCH the win/loss and would any of those calling for Electoral College destruction even be mentioning it?? NO.nnEnough Feel free to reuse these FACTS when Facebook friends attempt inane arguments about electoral college destructionnnBTW  this isnt an endorsement of Trump  just an endorsement of the Electoral process in this great nation."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","The reason we have the electoral process is because we are not a democracy.  A pure democracy is mob rule that changes with the wind  and will go after people that dont buy into the majority thinking.  While it might seem fair  but it does make the people in more rural have a voice too."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","To quote CNNs hero.....What difference  at this point  does it make? You dont like the electoral college...lobby to get it changed. But..I dont remember it being an issue when Obama got elected  TWICE...or with other Democratic Presidents elections. The popular vote doesnt have enough relevance to matter much  under this process...but Dems have benefited from it the same as the GOP. Its time to dry the tears  accept the reality and move on..."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","We are NOT a full on Democracy as Hillary Clinton  the butcher of Benghazi would like you to believe. We are STILL a Constitutional Republic  although shreds of what Ben Franklin intended. She is the exact reason the founders put the Electoral College in place. Without it  New York  Chicago  and California would have decided for the whole country."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","How long are you people going to pursue this phantom?  The Democrats were just as interested in winning in the Electoral College as the Republicans.  They were scored under the same rules.  Saying that she won the popular vote is as meaningless as saying that a baseball team should have won because it got more hits or that a football team should have won because it got more rushing yards."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","False...... if we get rid of the electoral college that essentially means you dont give two shits about peoples vote other than California  Florida and NY ? Everyones voice needs to be heard it just in those  states !!!!!!!"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","So what. She lost the election. Without California she is paralyzed. The POTUS cannot be chosen by one or two states. The founding fathers had profound wisdom when they chose the electoral system. Nobody would be doing such extensive postmortem if it was the other way  around and Hillary had won. Time to get behind the president elect. It is becoming ridiculous now."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Whats the point? She lost. Remember when Obama won twice. We got over it. And to quote him elections have consequences. They will never eliminate the electoral college. So maybe its time to get over it and try to do something positive."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Well if the objective was to win the popular vote then presidential campaign strategies would be a lot different.  However  the objective is to win electoral votes.  Hilary failed to have an effective campaign strategy for such and the Trump camp did.  Hilary loses.  Trump wins.  Pretty simple.  End lesson."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","All I want to know is would you still be crying to do away with the electoral college if it had been the opposite?  Or are you just upset because your candidate didnt win so now you want to change the rules?"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","More people in a couple of huge urban areas...Cant imagine why those voters voted for Hillary. *eyeroll* This is a textbook case of why the electoral college works as intended."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Take away California and New York The two most liberal states and trump won by  million. Also give it time to see how many million votes were illegal. If you people would take a civics class you would understand why we have an electoral college. But no one wants to think logically. They are only thinking with feelings and not their brains."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Im so glad our founding father created the electoral college . They were so unbelievably intelligent . nThe whole purpose for the electors is to keep the country from being run buy California and New York"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","she lost get over yourself  Clinton  News  Network  CNN  be we elect  our presdent  with the Electoral  College the election  is over Trump  won  DEAL WITH  IT AND GROW  UP  AND PLEASE  LETS MOVE ON NOTHING  TO  SEE HERE CNN."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","So sick of these morons. Please just shut up. You lost. California doesnt and should not decide the President. Every state needs a voice and thats what the electoral college does. It makes sure that all Americans cpunt  not just Cali."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","All from California and New York  places Trump didnt campaign in because he knew democrats would win those huge liberal states with the popular vote like they have for decades. He campaigned to win the electoral vote as every president has before him. Educate yourselves before posting gibberish. NY and California dont dictate this countrys fate"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Take away the votes from Los Angeles and New York City and Donald Trump wins the popular vote by   votes. So two cities in America are responsible for Hillarys popular vote margin. That is why the electoral college system exists  to keep population centers from being able to determine the outcome of the election. Trump won over  counties while Hillary won  counties."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","They won the coastal States everywhere in between was red and we cannot allow just a couple of cities to determine what the rest of the country does very simple folks thats the reason we have an electoral college and didnt Hillary Clinton say for Donald Trump not to accept the electorial vote is an assault on our democracy yes she did"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","If it wasnt for California. .....cnn wouldnt be talking about this....apparently the electoral college did what it was designed to do so higher population states dont decide for the rest of the country...."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","So ! EVEN though there wont be another Run for Hillary other than President of AARP ! nShe can pass lessons learned  on to the upcoming Democratic Party ! If there is one !  To go for the states that offer the most    Electoral College Votes   Smart !"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","So how did the Russians effect the election then? Thats the beauty of the Electoral College. New York and California shouldnt decide everything."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Is it really that hard to understand? You dont get that?nCome on now...nThe Electoral College was a system designed by the framers of the Constitution as a way to make sure that people who lived in lesspopulated rural areas didn have their voices silenced by those living in the more populated cities.nnIt also means that candidates are forced to campaign in states that might not get any attention if the election was based purely on the popular vote. As Donald Trump himself said in a tweet  he would have campaigned in states like California and New York if elections went off of just the overall vote totals. Instead  candidates are forced to campaign in  and listen to the people of  smaller  lesspopulated states like New Hampshire  Wisconsin  North Carolina  Colorado  Nevada  and so on.nnBoth parties know this. That why Barack Obama won his party nomination in   not Hillary Clinton. That why President Bush won the  election despite losing the popular vote.nnWe are not a Democracy we are a Constituional Republic and A Constitutional Republic is a state where the officials are elected as representatives of the people  and must govern according to existing constitutional law that limits the governments power over citizens. A Constitutional Republic is the current form of government in the United States.nnThe whole purpose of the electoral college is to prevent a few states with large populations from running the country. It gives every state more of an equal say.Tthats exactly the purpose  without it a few large Metropolitan areas would run the country. Between the New York and California alone One candidate head upwards of  million votes  therefore they  Those  States would decide who is in charge. Does anyone really think that would of been a good idea!"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","take away california she loses by over  million votes and its is the EXACT reason the electoral college is in place. She only won less then  counties across the country she just won the most populated ones again why the electoral college exists so everyone vote matters not just the most populated areas"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Yeah in California and in the big cities. Look at the map. Thats why we have an electoral college.  But I bet it would have been perfectly fine if it had been the other way around. P.S THATS THE EXACT REASON SHE LOST!"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","positive","I still dont see the benefit of the electoral college. Majority vote should select the president. We still have senators and congressmen from each state. So there is representation of the states. nnThe question here is who has more say in politics  the states or the voters?"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","But must in one state would mean more if it was spread out across the country. So who cares and it proves the Electoral College works one state one area will not control the fate of the entire country"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Its Official: Clinton lost and we all know where her  million advantage came from. She also lost more electoral votes to faithless electors than any president in over a hundred years. On the day before the election she was given a % chance by you and the rest of the hapless Liberal Media of a crushing landslide over Trump. So  had did that go?"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Big deal. If u remove calif and NY   states riddled w freeloaders and criminals  trump won by  million. God bless the electoral college"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Thats what happens when populations grow. Thank God for the electoral college or we would be ruled by the two coast and Chicago."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","She lost. Her campaign lost. Educated persons know that winning the Electoral Vote is how to win the Presidential Election. Trump won the Electoral Vote and he is the next President of the United States of America."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Whats funny is that Trump would have won the popular vote too... He just would have ran a much different campaign. Fortunately  its not the popular vote that counts  its the Electoral votes. nnStrategery lol."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Only because New York and California have more people.  Thank God we have the eletoral College!!!!! We dont want NY and Ca running our country."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Print the whole truth pathetic CNN  all from only one state California  this is exactly why the electoral college is so important."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","but they were all in CA or NY take these  states out and he slayed so that is why electoral college represents states equally"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Major cities are the reason the electoral college exists  we are not a democracy  we have a constitutional republic that protects the rights of all its citizens not just the majority major cities."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Take out CA and Trump would have won popular vote. Thats why we have an electoral college system  so our presidents arent elected by  states  although  you lefties would like that wouldnt you? I mean  who cares what AR  MS  TN  KY  NC  MN  MT.....etc"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","positive","more proof of gerrymandering. The map of counties in red and blue shows the mathematics of it. The votes by county are in the realm of probability but not naturally possible. Someone moved the groups after the  census to favor Republicans in the electoral college. Consultants were hired to help restructure the voting districts but no one was hired or no judicial branch was used to check their restructuring. Done on trust unfortunately. American public has every right to scream at the top of its lungs for such violation of the voting system. This time it was local officials who did it by one to two percent. Not enough to get noticed but district after district accumulates resulting in one party winning the electoral college and the other party winning the popular vote.  Gerrymandering is illegal.  It will not happen again.  http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/gopgerrymanderingcreatesuphillfightdemshouse/"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Really doesnt matter.... the entire campaign is planned on winning the electoral vote."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Let me explain for all you snowflakes why the electoral college exists. Hillary won the electoral vote by .m votes. She won California by m votes. Need I say more?"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Still running with that story? Now   how many times did she loose? I think a recount of the electoral college is in order"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","If she woukd have won the electoral and he got the popular vote  the electoral process would be so great to these cry baby liberals."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","The electoral college prevents a few large population areas from determine the election. Why is that so hard to grasp?"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","I am a Hillary supporter but I still think the Electoral College should stay."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","In California.  You left those two words out.  Thank goodness for the Electoral College!"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","positive","Obama had eight years for electoral reform and what did he do?"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Its official: both candidates signed on for an electoral vote not a popular vote!"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","The game is Win the electoral college  not win the popular vote."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Cry all you want the states will never back changing the Electoral College."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","positive","And everyone says the electoral college system works?????"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Mr. Trump is the biggest electoral college winner in a hundred year history of the United States of America."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Thank god for the electoral college thank god California cant dictate the president"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","And that is exactly why the Electoral College works."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Dump la county and ny  not so much. Thank God for the electoral college."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Its not the yards that count its the points on the board. Yards = pop. vote Points = Electoral Votes."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","positive","The electoral college makes the election up to the states  when it should be up to the PEOPLE."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","So what ? Thats not how we won. If it were about popular vote we would have worked harder in the big cities. Which is what the electoral is for  to give small town USA a voice."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Meaningless info. The candidates were not campaigning for most votes. They were campaigning for electoral collage votes."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Thank God for the Electoral College or we would be stuck with her."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Take away Texas and Trump doesnt make  electoral votes. Your logic is dumb."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","All thanks to California! Which is exactly why the electoral college exists."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","I do not want  large states determining who our president is. Our Founding Fathers knew exactly what they were doing. Believe me  if it was reversed none of you would be saying a word about the Electoral College."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Thank god for the Electoral College.  Saved us from that psychopath!!!"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","Its official  California and New York would decide most presidential elections if not for the Electoral College."]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","If we took LA County  and New York City out of the popular vote Trump would have won it by over  million votes. Proof that the electoral college works. I will NEVER have New York and California decide our president election after election.  The system works like it was supposed to.  Both campaigns base winning on the electoral college not the popular vote.  getoverit moveon youlost"]
["College, Electoral, Electoral College, electoral college","negative","More like the whole reason we have the electoral college"]
["others","positive","Thats awesome! She is still not gonna be president! MAGA!"]
["others","negative","American is also the most overweight  dumbest  self entitled  racist country in the world and % of adults cant read so whats that tell you......"]
["others","positive","Thats just so messed up... As a Canadian  Im glad it could never happen here. Its going to be  crazy years ahead  but will give a lifetime of comic relief. lol"]
["others","positive","But yet We the People voices were silenced!!! And we got a pos as President. Hope Yall happy and sitting back to watch how these Billionaires become Trillionaires. I hope Yall happy."]
["others","negative","The losing team can still have more yards in a football game. Take your participation trophy  be happy you made it to the super bowl  and just go away."]
["others","positive","Oh yes... DJT presidentelect.... child molester.... very disgraceful to be a leader of the world. Thats only one incident of many...."]
["others","negative","Aaaand  she still lost  again! Heres your participation ribbon! CrookedMedia CrookedGovernment CrookedDNC CrookedHillary"]
["others","negative","What difference  at this point  does it make?nnSound familiar?"]
["others","positive","Its not fair. San Francisco  New York City  and Miami should be ruling the country."]
["others","negative","Deduct  million illegals and  million dead people. And what do we got?"]
["others","negative","Slave days are over  right wingers. Time to abolish this."]
["others","negative","It magnifies how divided this country is.  I see no remedy."]
["others","negative","The biggest issue I have is the amount of uneducated people there are."]
["others","negative","Big losers are the American people. Love to see the media guarding their position by taking a positive outlook."]
["others","negative","Seriously its been over a month n liberals are still crying seriously do me a favor build a bridge n GET OVER IT"]
["others","negative","This is sad and tragic and only magnified more because of who will actually become president."]
["others","negative","Only shows this Country is overpopulated with smart people with no common sense!"]
["others","negative","What difference does it make! Thats not going to make her the President!."]
["others","negative","But that is not the way it works so why keep bringing it up."]
["others","negative","Too bad they disqualified dead people and illegals."]
["others","negative","Give it a rest. Its over and done. Stop your whining."]
["others","negative","Did they recount all the cities that she won? Definitely should.  Probably all turn out like Detroits recount."]
["others","positive","Who needs a comedy movie??? Im looking forward for the next impromptu  public interview LMAO!!!! The new dude in the block is the new Comedy king"]
["others","negative","There is no time to cry accept the reality and faced it"]
["others","negative","Keep trying to spin her loss so you feel better. Whatever  floats your pathetic boat."]
["others","negative","The majority of the population does not understand civics . Sad."]
["others","positive","Sad  isnt it? We could have had a wonderful public servant  and the longoverdue first woman President  in our Oval office ... Now we have a tyrant bigot. What the heck happened to this country?"]
["others","negative","Who cares quit crying put your grown up pants on and be an adult instead of over age babies"]
["others","negative","Thats because the Democrats cheated and ILLEGALLY registered people that werent eligible"]
["others","positive","But yet we end up with this blowhard idiot.  The government has let this country down."]
["others","negative","Well whoopie do. Dont mean she is going to move into The White House. Especially not around any computers."]
["others","negative","When it works in your favor its okay and everything is as it should be. When it doesnt work in your favor  its rigged and should be done away with."]
["others","negative","This is like the scores of a tennis match which reads          ...."]
["others","negative","Kristen Snow  wow  wow  uninformed child... never mind  cannot have intelligent conversation with idiots...."]
["others","negative","no fly zone = rd world war    youre upset she didnt get the chance to bomb the world?wtf iss wrong with you?"]
["others","negative","The people dont even know what they want  the people are controlled by the media and you all dont tell the truth anyway."]
["others","positive","It will make a great Jeopardy question some day. For now we have to try and not get whiplash from catapulting  years back in time  to when old white men wrote the program and everyone else  just fell in line."]
["others","negative","WHO CARES!!!! Its over....move on with your lives people!!!!"]
["others","negative","http://www.thegatewaypundit.com///hillaryclintonlostelectorsuspoliticianlastyears/"]
["others","negative","Yeah al those illegals wanted the free handouts she promised."]
["others","negative","Can you please break it down per state to show how she lost"]
["others","negative","It does the correct job can not let  states choose the president"]
["others","negative","Subtract new York and Cali from this and lemme know the results"]
["others","positive","Thump is a ball of  "]
["others","negative","And the witch stil lost "]
["democracy","negative","CNN calls itself a news organization  and the people who work there dont realize that our country is a Constitutional Republic  not a Democracy. This has been in place for  years. nHRC didnt know that when she ran??"]
["democracy","negative","How can America call itself a democracy and allow a tragic debacle such as this to take place? We are now stuck with this vile orange monster completely and dangerously unqualified to lead our nation."]
["democracy","negative","Absolutely irrelevant thats not how American model of democracy works."]
["democracy","positive","The election process in the US sucks. No democracy at all."]
["democracy","negative","We are a Republic not a democracy...guess people are too ignorant to understand that."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Trump won  counties out of  total counties in the entire U.S.  Clinton only won  counties.  The six largest counties are Los Angeles and the  boroughs of New York . Big deal she won  big cities.  CNN you really think  cities should decide the President for the entire country?"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Enough of the Clinton won the popular vote complaints.nnLook at the facts: http://cookpolitical.com/story/ final  certified tallynHillary Clinton:    Donald Trump:   nDifference =   nTrump had majority vote popular vote wins in  states  Clinton in just  states.nTake out California margin of    for Clinton and Trump wins the majority vote nationwide.nnSHOULD California run the rest of the nation?? THAT  my friends is the majesty and glory of the brilliant thinking of the founders.nnSWITCH the win/loss and would any of those calling for Electoral College destruction even be mentioning it?? NO.nnEnough Feel free to reuse these FACTS when Facebook friends attempt inane arguments about electoral college destructionnnBTW  this isnt an endorsement of Trump  just an endorsement of the Electoral process in this great nation."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","We are NOT a full on Democracy as Hillary Clinton  the butcher of Benghazi would like you to believe. We are STILL a Constitutional Republic  although shreds of what Ben Franklin intended. She is the exact reason the founders put the Electoral College in place. Without it  New York  Chicago  and California would have decided for the whole country."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","positive","Graham Brian P Trump can now make up rules without congress through all of the executive agencies that affect every aspect of your life. Let that sink in for a bit. Horrifying right? Now you know how everyone else felt for the last few years under Obama and would have felt under Clinton. You do your craziness to you  I keep mine to me. We all get along much better. Simple concept. Nothing you want needs to be done nationally really. Lets bring government back to the local level."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Oh give me a break.  Clinton won California by about  million votes  which is significantly more than her swamping Trump in the National total.  As The Donald said several times  she campaigned in the wrong states.  So in addition to her lying  getting away with security breaches that would hav eput any other person in federal prison  she also failed as a politician.  Get over it people"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","When will people understand seeking popular vote is not how a representative republic works. As long as focus is on popular vote that candidate will most likely lose. Campaign smart  develop a winning strategy. Democracy does not exist at the President and VP level. You cant have three wolves and two sheep deciding whats for dinner. More people need to understand our system and why it is as it is."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","False...... if we get rid of the electoral college that essentially means you dont give two shits about peoples vote other than California  Florida and NY ? Everyones voice needs to be heard it just in those  states !!!!!!!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","So what. She lost the election. Without California she is paralyzed. The POTUS cannot be chosen by one or two states. The founding fathers had profound wisdom when they chose the electoral system. Nobody would be doing such extensive postmortem if it was the other way  around and Hillary had won. Time to get behind the president elect. It is becoming ridiculous now."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Well if the objective was to win the popular vote then presidential campaign strategies would be a lot different.  However  the objective is to win electoral votes.  Hilary failed to have an effective campaign strategy for such and the Trump camp did.  Hilary loses.  Trump wins.  Pretty simple.  End lesson."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","How many states did she win? Not when she won in California. She is not electable. CNN campaign is over you should by now close shop and let credible and unbiased media give us news.DT has exposed your biased reporting and your news should be double checked."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","More people in a couple of huge urban areas...Cant imagine why those voters voted for Hillary. *eyeroll* This is a textbook case of why the electoral college works as intended."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Take away California and New York The two most liberal states and trump won by  million. Also give it time to see how many million votes were illegal. If you people would take a civics class you would understand why we have an electoral college. But no one wants to think logically. They are only thinking with feelings and not their brains."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Who cares since is not what determines the winner. California which is a dipshit state made the difference. The popular vote will never  I repeat never determine the winner. Get over it morons."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Im so glad our founding father created the electoral college . They were so unbelievably intelligent . nThe whole purpose for the electors is to keep the country from being run buy California and New York"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","she lost get over yourself  Clinton  News  Network  CNN  be we elect  our presdent  with the Electoral  College the election  is over Trump  won  DEAL WITH  IT AND GROW  UP  AND PLEASE  LETS MOVE ON NOTHING  TO  SEE HERE CNN."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","There are   counties in the United States.nnTrump won   of them.nClinton won .nnThere are  counties in New York State.nnTrump won  of them.nClinton won .nnClinton won the popular vote by approx. . million votes.nnIn the  counties that encompass NYC  Bronx  Brooklyn  Manhattan  Richmond & Queens Clinton received well over  million more votes than Trump. Clinton only won  of these counties Trump won RichmondnnTherefore these  counties alone  more than accounted for Clinton winning the popular vote of the entire country.nnThese  counties comprise  square miles.nThe United States is comprised of     square miles.nnWhen you have a country that encompasses almost  million square miles of territory  it would be ludicrous to even suggest that the vote of those who inhabit a mere  square miles should dictate the outcome of a national election.nnLarge  densely populated Democrat cities NYC  Chicago  LA  etc don and shouldn speak for the rest of our country."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Hey.... if you take away m votes from Hillary  Trump would have won the popular vote. nnCant belive how moronic some people are... maybe if there were a few less morons voting then the result would have been different. nnIs a moron in California worth the same as a moron in Texas"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","So sick of these morons. Please just shut up. You lost. California doesnt and should not decide the President. Every state needs a voice and thats what the electoral college does. It makes sure that all Americans cpunt  not just Cali."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Doesnt matter. Thats not how you are elected President. If that were the case  they would have campaigned in New York and California constantly."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","People who vote for people like Hillary are the same people that think its OK for protesters to block traffic. Right until they block traffic when they are trying to get to the hospital. Then they have to response. Well you said it was ok. How do you like it know? Same thing with Hillary. How would you like it if she sold out America? Im not saying Trump wont. But she has already proven she will."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","positive","Thats right  he is the president of the minority  a small minded man for the smallest number of voters. Proud to be part of the majority. Were watching you  Trump."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","I have no clue why you keep rubbing in the faces of all the people who wanted her. Its over. Its done. Donald Trump will be president. I dont know how else to say that ITS OVER."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","All from California and New York  places Trump didnt campaign in because he knew democrats would win those huge liberal states with the popular vote like they have for decades. He campaigned to win the electoral vote as every president has before him. Educate yourselves before posting gibberish. NY and California dont dictate this countrys fate"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Take away the votes from Los Angeles and New York City and Donald Trump wins the popular vote by   votes. So two cities in America are responsible for Hillarys popular vote margin. That is why the electoral college system exists  to keep population centers from being able to determine the outcome of the election. Trump won over  counties while Hillary won  counties."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","They won the coastal States everywhere in between was red and we cannot allow just a couple of cities to determine what the rest of the country does very simple folks thats the reason we have an electoral college and didnt Hillary Clinton say for Donald Trump not to accept the electorial vote is an assault on our democracy yes she did"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","There is no national election  and the media such as CNN confuses people. There are  elections called by the governors in the states. Hillary won the popular plurality votes in only  states. PresidentElect Trump carried  states. New York City alone put Hillary over the top. Do you want NYC  or LA  or Chicago to dictate to the rest of us?"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","If it wasnt for California. .....cnn wouldnt be talking about this....apparently the electoral college did what it was designed to do so higher population states dont decide for the rest of the country...."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","That number would diminish greatly if California were recounted and everyone knows it. How many illegals were allowed to vote?"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","She lost and its time to move forward. Trump played a more skilled game and worked harder with half the money  the media was against him including CNN  and he beat Hollywood. Time to move forward CNN"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","So how did the Russians effect the election then? Thats the beauty of the Electoral College. New York and California shouldnt decide everything."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","positive","So  sad for her.  I think she might have really made America great.  Now  we can only hold our breaths and hope Trump doesnt get us into nuclear war before he is president  months."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Notice that the news didnt cover that  more electors tried to defect from Hillary Clinton Monday than from Trump  by a count of eight to two. Three Democratic electors in Maine  Minnesota  and Colorado tried to vote for candidates other than Clinton. The electors votes  however  were disallowed because of state rules binding them to the statewide popular vote winner."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Stop the nonsense. The major  difference in votes came from California. And I dont think the Clinton camp would ever want a recount done for that state."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Is it really that hard to understand? You dont get that?nCome on now...nThe Electoral College was a system designed by the framers of the Constitution as a way to make sure that people who lived in lesspopulated rural areas didn have their voices silenced by those living in the more populated cities.nnIt also means that candidates are forced to campaign in states that might not get any attention if the election was based purely on the popular vote. As Donald Trump himself said in a tweet  he would have campaigned in states like California and New York if elections went off of just the overall vote totals. Instead  candidates are forced to campaign in  and listen to the people of  smaller  lesspopulated states like New Hampshire  Wisconsin  North Carolina  Colorado  Nevada  and so on.nnBoth parties know this. That why Barack Obama won his party nomination in   not Hillary Clinton. That why President Bush won the  election despite losing the popular vote.nnWe are not a Democracy we are a Constituional Republic and A Constitutional Republic is a state where the officials are elected as representatives of the people  and must govern according to existing constitutional law that limits the governments power over citizens. A Constitutional Republic is the current form of government in the United States.nnThe whole purpose of the electoral college is to prevent a few states with large populations from running the country. It gives every state more of an equal say.Tthats exactly the purpose  without it a few large Metropolitan areas would run the country. Between the New York and California alone One candidate head upwards of  million votes  therefore they  Those  States would decide who is in charge. Does anyone really think that would of been a good idea!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","take away california she loses by over  million votes and its is the EXACT reason the electoral college is in place. She only won less then  counties across the country she just won the most populated ones again why the electoral college exists so everyone vote matters not just the most populated areas"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Yeah in California and in the big cities. Look at the map. Thats why we have an electoral college.  But I bet it would have been perfectly fine if it had been the other way around. P.S THATS THE EXACT REASON SHE LOST!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Gee  that sure is a lot of losers.  How many were illegal aliens who voted in states that have lax voter ID laws?  Lets just start with California."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Besides all of California voting for her  She has no one to blame but herself.  She thought she won a month before election night and was already acting like she was president! Trumpt campaigned har der than her...simple as that. It is over."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","But no one cares. Your news organization blasts trump about why does he continue to comment on winning. Better question why do you idiots continue to talley the popular vote and constantly talk about it. Id hope that at some point you all would figure out the popular vote doesnt matter."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","So she won the popular vote. California is the only reason. Take California away and she lost the popular vote. Trump won  more counties than she did. In fact she only won what  counties. You cant possibly believe we would let California select our president every four years."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","President Trump! Cant wait til Jan thnHow do we know this is true so much fake news CNN puts out? We cant believe anything media says anymore.  If you take out illegals and dead people that vote Hillary wouldve been close."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Technically theres no such thing as a popular vote. There are  state elections  and like sets in tennis  you have to win a majority of them to win the match. It doesnt matter if Trump loses  sets  and wins  sets . He may have lost more games popular vote  but he won the most sets state elections therefore Trump is the winner."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Its Official: Clinton lost and we all know where her  million advantage came from. She also lost more electoral votes to faithless electors than any president in over a hundred years. On the day before the election she was given a % chance by you and the rest of the hapless Liberal Media of a crushing landslide over Trump. So  had did that go?"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Yeah what they are not telling people is that those votes mostly came from one state  California.  You cannot let a few over populated cities decide for the whole nation."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Big deal. If u remove calif and NY   states riddled w freeloaders and criminals  trump won by  million. God bless the electoral college"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","If it was not for California in which corruption is rampant  she would have lost CA as well. CA gave her more than  million fraudulent ballots."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","She lost. Her campaign lost. Educated persons know that winning the Electoral Vote is how to win the Presidential Election. Trump won the Electoral Vote and he is the next President of the United States of America."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Whats funny is that Trump would have won the popular vote too... He just would have ran a much different campaign. Fortunately  its not the popular vote that counts  its the Electoral votes. nnStrategery lol."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","This coming from CNN Clinton News Network... She is a sorry excuse for an American and I am proud that TRUMP will be president  not her!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Only because New York and California have more people.  Thank God we have the eletoral College!!!!! We dont want NY and Ca running our country."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Why didnt they do a recount in California? Illinois? Or any other blue state? Potus Trump wins  he won so big  it was huge! And amazing."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Shes a sore looser.cnn always had her winning the election they cant believe that they were wrong.trump trumped her with his wild card."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","CNN should stop crying everyday about this........ she lost the election and that it is... ... trump is the next president get that to ur block head .. .... pls give us next chapter   tired of hearing the same story"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Print the whole truth pathetic CNN  all from only one state California  this is exactly why the electoral college is so important."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","CNN  commander in chief is a call sign!!! Call him president Trump!!! Grow up!!! Its a military word for arrival on post!!! Halt  and turn away from the sound of my voice!!! Place your hands on the small of your back and bow to your knees!!! Deadly force is authorized!!!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","but they were all in CA or NY take these  states out and he slayed so that is why electoral college represents states equally"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Lets keep praying : The Prayer of Jabez : Heavenly Creator  Loving Parent  Almighty  Bless the USA indeed. Increase our territory for You. Keep Your Hand on US. Keep US from evil  and please keep evil far away from US. Help US to do no harm. Please Bless Donald Trump indeed. Increase Donald Trumps territory for You. Keep Your Hand on Donald Trump. Keep him from evil  and please keep evil far away from him. Help him to do no harm. nnLets Keep On Trumping!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Take out CA and Trump would have won popular vote. Thats why we have an electoral college system  so our presidents arent elected by  states  although  you lefties would like that wouldnt you? I mean  who cares what AR  MS  TN  KY  NC  MN  MT.....etc"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Yeah but if you dont count the people who voted for Hillary  Trump won by  million votes!! HistoricLandslide"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Who cares CNN.  Enough already.  Follow the real news.  She lost fair and square.  TRUMP will be the th president."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Let me explain for all you snowflakes why the electoral college exists. Hillary won the electoral vote by .m votes. She won California by m votes. Need I say more?"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","In California.  You left those two words out.  Thank goodness for the Electoral College!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Because of freaking California and NYC without them she loses"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","positive","Yes....the truth is that Trump really lost. Its the system that goes ahead and puts a tyrant in the WH that really needs to be fixed."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Take out California and she lost the popular vote too. Numbers dont lie."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Who cares!!! She only won the popular because of California....get over it she lost Trump won!!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Mr. Trump is the biggest electoral college winner in a hundred year history of the United States of America."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Thank god for the electoral college thank god California cant dictate the president"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","This is because of the most populated city only.   California  Chicago and New York"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","And another MSM article basically claiming trump illigitamate."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Take out California and Trump won the popular vote! Can we just move on!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Yeah right! Only because of California! Otherwise Trump won popular vote!!! CNN sucks! Terrible news source!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","positive","We cant trust in CNN anymore nWhy vote if my vote doesnt count? I would never vote again."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Let California have her. They want her. Put her in as their governor."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Its official:  Clinton lost to Trump in the only vote that counts."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Which says there is a bunch of puppets that live in California. StayClassy"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Hey not a problem.  She won California.  I do not want California and New York deciding the election.  There are forty eight other states."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Interesting... but if you subtract just NYC and LA county  Trump wins by  ."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Trump won. suck it up and go play with your play doh. Liberal media all need their nannies as well"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Yay  she won a game that no candidate was playing and expects a trophy. Cant say I am surprised."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Take CA and NY results out and Trump wins popular vote in a land slide... There is a reason for the elector college.."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Take away Texas and Trump doesnt make  electoral votes. Your logic is dumb."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","positive","Why vote if its not going to count! This situation is dumb! Trump is the lier the cheat   the fake  he sure fooled his white extremist hill billies!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","lol didnt CNN just post a headline earlier saying Trump just cant get over Election Day. Irony..."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","The Trump train is rolling. Make America great again. Libtads your ship is sinking. Get on the Trump train and stay alive."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","You forgot that the popular vote is irrelavent... and that Trump is going to drain the swamp!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Trump wasnt LOOKING for the Popular Vote.  We are not a pure democracy. WE ARE A REPUBLIC!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","All thanks to California! Which is exactly why the electoral college exists."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","She has won more than . million votes from California."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","popular vote is California  texas and new york that does not reflect the views of the rest of the nation also bigest crime areas"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","positive","Trump needs to be arrested for treason. No trial. Just straight to life in prison."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","LolnDue to over populated California nGive it up  that liberal yuppie immigrant cess pool is not running the whole nation"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Who cares......      How many counties did Trump win and then Clinton win.......   Come on its over people"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Its official  California and New York would decide most presidential elections if not for the Electoral College."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","If we took LA County  and New York City out of the popular vote Trump would have won it by over  million votes. Proof that the electoral college works. I will NEVER have New York and California decide our president election after election.  The system works like it was supposed to.  Both campaigns base winning on the electoral college not the popular vote.  getoverit moveon youlost"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","This is why we need to get rid of fake news like CNN move on this doesnt matter Trump is our next president the Clinton news network is dead."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","And it was official Trump won election on the th  your point CNN?"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","I still cant believe how many Americans are uneducated and do not understand the process!!n  https://youtu.be/VsjBGoU"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","All coming almost from California...tell me how thats fair..."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","She only won the popular vote because off California"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Make    President of   CNN   Trump is on the way  to  crush CNN Now   time  to send   Hillary  to middle  east and   Saudi  so that  the  can have fun  everyday."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Where?  Not across the whole nation.  Proof?  Trump President Coonfirmed"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Will you please drop it! Trump is our President now get over it!"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Its official Trump is the next president of the United States"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","She carried ultra liberal California and ultra liberal New York. Who cares?"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Who cares ? Trump won and thats all there is to it"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","SHE LOST.  She did carry the illegal vote in California."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Its official Trump trumps Hillgrimite the criminal."]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","Her popular vote just came from one state California .is NT it ?"]
["Mr. Trump, Calif., Trump, CA, Donald Trump, Donald, California Trump, California, DT, Golden State, Donald J.","negative","there probably wasnt enough russian hackers voting in california"]
["count","negative","Trump won  counties out of  total counties in the entire U.S.  Clinton only won  counties.  The six largest counties are Los Angeles and the  boroughs of New York . Big deal she won  big cities.  CNN you really think  cities should decide the President for the entire country?"]
["count","negative","There are   counties in the United States.nnTrump won   of them.nClinton won .nnThere are  counties in New York State.nnTrump won  of them.nClinton won .nnClinton won the popular vote by approx. . million votes.nnIn the  counties that encompass NYC  Bronx  Brooklyn  Manhattan  Richmond & Queens Clinton received well over  million more votes than Trump. Clinton only won  of these counties Trump won RichmondnnTherefore these  counties alone  more than accounted for Clinton winning the popular vote of the entire country.nnThese  counties comprise  square miles.nThe United States is comprised of     square miles.nnWhen you have a country that encompasses almost  million square miles of territory  it would be ludicrous to even suggest that the vote of those who inhabit a mere  square miles should dictate the outcome of a national election.nnLarge  densely populated Democrat cities NYC  Chicago  LA  etc don and shouldn speak for the rest of our country."]
["count","negative","Notice that the news didnt cover that  more electors tried to defect from Hillary Clinton Monday than from Trump  by a count of eight to two. Three Democratic electors in Maine  Minnesota  and Colorado tried to vote for candidates other than Clinton. The electors votes  however  were disallowed because of state rules binding them to the statewide popular vote winner."]
["count","positive","Not every vote counts   million people should have stayed homeon election day. If you want to keep promoting democracy  then make every vote count in future elections or be prepared to explain how the new democracy cant find voters!"]
["count","negative","So she won the popular vote. California is the only reason. Take California away and she lost the popular vote. Trump won  more counties than she did. In fact she only won what  counties. You cant possibly believe we would let California select our president every four years."]
["count","negative","Whats funny is that Trump would have won the popular vote too... He just would have ran a much different campaign. Fortunately  its not the popular vote that counts  its the Electoral votes. nnStrategery lol."]
["count","negative","Yeah but if you dont count the people who voted for Hillary  Trump won by  million votes!! HistoricLandslide"]
["count","negative","If you remove New York City and Las Angeles county   she wouldnt have.  That alone should prove why EC is in place and is effective"]
["count","negative","Not if you dont count the illegals and the deads votes!"]
["count","positive","We cant trust in CNN anymore nWhy vote if my vote doesnt count? I would never vote again."]
["count","negative","Its not the yards that count its the points on the board. Yards = pop. vote Points = Electoral Votes."]
["count","negative","Its official:  Clinton lost to Trump in the only vote that counts."]
["count","positive","Too many votes wasted thats not democracy no wonder why people do not want to vote this country need the popular vote to count every single vote and can be fair to every single American"]
["count","positive","I really wish every vote would count.     This country needs a chance"]
["count","negative","Interesting... but if you subtract just NYC and LA county  Trump wins by  ."]
["count","positive","I will never vote again because my phone do not count I am not going to waste my time again in voting"]
["count","negative","Not when you count the fact that upwards of  million illegal aliens voted. CNN at it again with the fake news stories."]
["count","positive","Then why doesnt it count? So frustrating! I think the person with the most votes should win  just like in everything else."]
["count","positive","That proves that our votes dont count so why we vote its a waste of our time"]
["count","positive","Why vote if its not going to count! This situation is dumb! Trump is the lier the cheat   the fake  he sure fooled his white extremist hill billies!"]
["count","negative","Who cares......      How many counties did Trump win and then Clinton win.......   Come on its over people"]
["count","negative","If you count the dead  the repeat and the illegal immigrants."]
["count","positive","Why are we voting at all  only  votes are all that count. None of our votes made any difference. This is a joke  the two party system is to make us think we have a choice and divide us in hate of each party  all the while the bankers are setting the odds  rigging the game their way  If we want to prove we are free we must ask WHY DO OUR VOTES NOT ELECT A WINNER  the answer and the result will prove it was already a done deal before we even voted."]
